Loss, pain, and regret… time eases all of them - the 100 
Your life can be more than just impossible decisions and tragic end, you can choose to live -the 100
if u fall behind, you get left behind -the 100
its called chess, a game of long term strategy -the 100
to survive, we do what we must -the 100
as soon as you get engaged, it stops being about you -Kats@saving Hope
sometimes, there is nothing like a good fight. everyone thinks they are looking for the meaning of life, but what they are actually looking for is the experience of life, fightig gives you that, better than anythin, exceptmaybe love -@saving Hope
its not, its not complicated. i mean i thought it was; life, phylosophy, but it turns out, its actually remarkably simple -@saving Hope
maybe you're projecting, looking for an out. <i never said i wanted an out> You dont have to, but it doesnt mean the truth is eating you away from the inside -@saving Hope
you have to choose who you are gonna fight for, and then fight hard, don't stop till they are dragging you away -@saving Hope
1.00000000001 to the power of 100 never remains 1 -Master Gotze
you dont face your fears, you ride them -Tyler inTheTwisters
when you love something, you spend your whole life trying to understand it -Tyler inTheTwisters
Dying in a fight you cant win isn’t being brave, its being stupid-- these are words spoken by every coward who has ever run from a fight
salvation comes at a price -the 100
dont say i cannot afford this, rather, how can i afford this
No one is coming down to save us -the 100
yes, she has talent but do you know how many talented people never make it -polarized
you need a cool head to run a business and a family, Dalia - polarized
Who we are, and who we need to be to survive are two different things -the 100
you want the gift of death, then you will have to earn it -the 100
Trust? No. but I do believe in second chances
We make the best choices tht we can, and then we put our faith in a forgiving god -the 100
who is more wicked, he who kills the evil mother fuckers or he who protects them? -the 100
limits are the domains of the limited
relax mother fucker, if you hear the shot, it wasnt meant for you  -the 100
if you want to tell a story right, then you got to satrt at the beginning
i know, some of these will be difficult for you to heaar, bt after evrything you went through; all the pain and suffering , only to learn that the world doesnt end when you do -the 100
here is one thing about feelings, they are much more easier to control than facts, it turns out that the worse we treat you, the more we manipulate you. and the best part, zero rsistance, people stay in their part 
Slay your demons when you are awake, that way they wont be there to get you wjen you sleep -the 100
you cant afford to be weak, down here wekness is death. Fear us death -the 100
If you are gonna kill someone, its probably best not to announce it -the 100
Nobody gets rich on their own money
we get the world we deserve -the 100
Sometimes, not evrybody is always on the same side. But its fine. Thts business
don’t look angry, and never do anything out of anger
Life is barely long enough to get good at one thing, if tht long. So be carefull what you get good at
as sentient meat,however illusory our identities are, we craft those identities by making value judgements. Everybody judges, all the time. Now, if u have a problem with tht, then you are living wrong 
Time is a flat cirlce, everything we have ever done or will ever do, we gonna do over and over again
you knw the good years when you are in them, or you just wait for them till cancer kicks your ass, and realise tht the good years came and went  
erybody think they are going to be something they are not, everybody thinks they gt these biig plans
Compassion is ethics
Things don’t stay the same,and they don’t have to go your way. You pick up what u keep and leave the rest behind. People get better
Poverty is  a personality defect
Overcoming poverty is not a gesture of charity, but a gesture of justice
Poverty isn’t a lack of  character, but  a lack of cash
Pact of silence, and solidarity
Do u really think the leopard will change her spots?
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so
Such as we are made of, such we be
Where there is chaos, there is also opportunity
Everyone is capable of everything
The best lies are mostly true
They say happiness is like health, you don’t notice it till its gone
It doesn’t matter what you look like in an operating theater, its the experience that counts
No single blood test confirms a diagnosis, just because you are ANA positive doesn’t mean you have SLE
There is a limit to what a person can endure
Take it from me, even the best laid plans fall apart,things change, but the people that love you will always stick by your side
All is well that ends well
Common things are common except when the diagnosis is rare
When ordering fr an investigation, the test has to  fit with the patients hx and physical examination, ut it simply, does the test correlate with the clinical picture?  That is why you need a Dr to diagnose you, not a lab technician and worse of all a pharmacist
We always think there is so much time, then sth happens out of the blue
You might think know(the whole story), but u don’t
Doing good isn’t about black and white, and the shades of grey are often unsettling
Serial killers ain’t just born, they are also made
Nothing lasts forever
When it looks like a duck, quacks like a duck, and swims like a duck ,then its probably a duck. We call this pattern recognition.
Never lose sight of your ideals, bse once that happens, the steps ain’t many to the dark side
Everybody dies of something
Never cut deals and double cross people at the same time, you will die early
Sometimes logic just goes out of the window and u have to trust your instincts
Death is terrifying, but here is the thing, yo gonna see  lot of it. Our job as doctors is to hold it off for as long as possible while not losing sight of the fact that its a natural part of life
All plans go out thru the window when the war begins
Rules exist for a reason, you don’t just go break them bse you think you are right
Its funny, life. You look right, then suddenly everything goes left
Advice is criticism in a cashmere sweater
Medicine is the best job in the world despite everything, bse of everything, but if it were easy, everybody would be a Dr
Everyone has an expiration date, everyone
There is a price on all our heads
the past can not be changed
most people will sacrifice what they want most for what they want now. And now is the most expensive word in the english language. You got to be able to hang on to things for the long haul
happiness is found within
never give up
good things don’t take time. You can get 10 yrs  and collapse it into one by getting around the right person
work you ass off, study, and talk to people
A business built on the foundation of fraud will not last 
Its impossible to know everything we should know, all we can do is the best we can
its a long road, Simon. Don’t look for shortcuts
Never trust strangers
when you buy and sell people for a living, cruelty and brutality become your way of life
(having )preveledge is no excuse for blindness
a promise is worth shit in the badlands
you cant start a business running on a business model of theft, it just doesn’t work tht way
yo see, nomatter how strong we think we are, there is always somebody stringer
people are always afraid of wht they don’t understand
every paradise has uts price
absolute power is sn illusion, it fades away just when you need it the most. Tue power hides until its ready to strike
sometimes you have to fight fire with fire, or it will consume you
if we lose the element of surprise we lose the battle
it just goes to show yu that even in our darkest hour, there is always a ray of hope
kingdoms arent built on dreams, simon. They are built on sacrifice and struggle. Thts the real world. Not every one gets a happy ending
alright thrn, this is it. No turning back
being hard on your self isnt what makes someone stronger. Its having somene to be strong for
adaptability is one of mans greatest strengths
I knw we have had some setbacks, but we have also accomplished so much
do not unshealth your blade unless if you intend to use it
we are immortal only as long as we are still remembered
every warrior knows tht any night could  be his last
Hold the line
playing both sides, is a dangerous game
if u wanna change the world, u go to find a way to live in it first
change will come. I mean...it has to
don’t let the past stop you from what you have to do
when a flock loses its way, the fault lies with the shepherd
remember, a man is only as strong as his faith
no one stays innocent forever
Over here, suicide is the coward’s way
don’t start what you cant cant finsh
you cant threaten me into helping you
helping me doesn’t give you redemption, some debts are never paid
while some say the world will end in fire, some say ice. From what I have tasted of desire, I hold with those who favor fire. Visionary words, written by a wise man centuries ago, fire is pure and true
trust, is such a delicate thing, so easily crowded by love, or hate
at somepoint all fathers disappoint their sons, but then when oyu become a  father, u realise tht sons disappoint as well
you think compromise is weakness, its not. Its survival 
you think politicssint your style, then remember politics is war by other means
hell isnt where you go when u die, its what u become when everything u love is taken away fom u
its human nature to want to believe in sth greater thsn yourself
time and tide wits for no man. Not even you
we are all slaves to our nature
We all pay for our sins eventually, except for those who are still pure
loyalty,  is more than a virtue, its a religion
you wanna start a fire, then you need to control the burn, otherwise we all go up in ana inferno
it does not matter how brutal the world is, if u kill enough, it hollows you enough
chaos leads to new opportunities, and am a man of new opportunities
for  people like us, there  is nowhere that is safe. If yu wanna stay a regent fir long or at best stay alive, you better keep that in mind
we live in  hust of a world left to us… we don’t fix it by running, you do it by fighting
ypu lost that fight befire u even threw a punch. Now, u underestimate your enemy in a battle, odds are u wont live to see another
unless you master your past, you will always be a slave
Maybe, just maybe, we were never supposed to make it to the end, but we still have a role to play out today. We are one species on one planet, in one galaxy in an almost indistinguishable part of the universe. Whether or not we came to exist, not much will be different. Everyday we matter a little less, and a little less until eventually we realize that in the  grand scheme of things, we don’t matter at all
Fair play
you need to knw your enemy before you can have any hope of defearing him. Then the next step is to go face him
when you see a good move, look for a better one
control can sometimes be an illusion, but sometimes you need a vision to get in control
its never been the destination but the journey
evil always wins
power belngs to the people tht take it. It has nothing to do with the hardwork, strong ambitions, and qualifications. The actual will to take it is the only thing that it takes
be part of the solution not the pollution
people walk around and act like they knw what hate means,NO. No one does until you truly hate yourself
never trust everything you read
the most difficult thing about debugging isnt about fixing the bug. Its finding the bug
never make a decision wjen you are on morphine
power is a pricey doll, you get a taste for it ,u keep coming back for more. Somewhere along that road, the good intentions, they get lost
everyone steals, son
people generally change for 2 reasons, either they have learnt enough tht they want to, or they have been hurt enough tht they have to
No one can be a man unless his father has died. Yes but tht death could happen symbolically
we may not be the best to night but we will always find away
expect nothing, appreciate everything
a bug isnt just mistake. It reprsnts sth bigger; an error of thinking that makes you whjo you are
people get violent and get their way bse they  cant communicate
time will tell
you get one life to do whatever you want. Of course there are some things you can avoid like school, lower taxes but other than that, you are free to do whatever you like. If you cant figure out our purpose for coming into ths planet, if we cant figure out the  reason for the universe coming into being, then our purpose is whatever we want it to be. If you decide to play video games whole day, sure there are people doing that. If u choose to build a mullti billion dollar business, there are people doing that as well. Any thing you want to be or do, can be done, and should be done. Our purpose is whatever we want.
Be grateful for the little things in your life to have inner peace
Do your best and trust the process. There is no guarantee in how much time you will be successful but I can guarantee you tht you will fail in life if u don’t push yourself. The harder you work, the luckier you become
Whatever you are going thru right now, do not worry so much about tomorrow. The future tends to get better with time. All you have to do is focus, put in the hardwork and be the best at what you do
those who have weapons but decide and decide not to use them but determed to keep them sheathed will inherit the world. Tht said, people who are capable of force  but decide not to use it are in a proper moral position
bugs usually get a bad rap, but sometimes when a bug finnaly makes itself known, it can  be accelerating like you just unkocked sth- a grand opportunity awaiting to be taken advantage of, bse, a bug’s only purpose, its sole reason for existance is to be a mistake that needs fixing
we have complete freedom over our lives in a world without God or objective meaning. But with great freedom comes great responsibility. You have the power to shape the life you  wanna live. Yes, let that sink in for a moment
believe that everything is possible. You have 2 hands like evryone else. So GO, and take on whatever you want to achieve
0% selfish
Nothing is impossible if you work hard. All you need to do is to have patience, stay consistent, focused, and work hard to achieve set goals
if they send you away bse there was soemeone better than you, then its okay. But if yo sent away bse you didn’t put in your best,then you are not  welcome to this house
Its not  about who has the skill and technique but rather, who got the nerves, and composure to step up for the challenge
there are no solutions in life, there are only trade offs
there is a sacrificial element in maturation. You have to sacrifice the plural potentiality of childhood for the actuality of a frame...the problem with being a child is that all you are is just potentil, and thats really low resolution. You could be anything but you are not anything. You got to be sth
Right now if good things are happening to you, if bad things are happening to you, it wont last forever. You have no idea what the future holds for you, and the most random of experiences can re-route your future in an instant. 
The battle may have been lost, but the war certainly was not over
Every one was dealt a hand in life tht we just dint ask for, some peoples hands are better than others, but we all have to play with the hands we were given in the best way possible. We may never figure out why things happen the way they do. Is there life in the universe or we are the exception? For every answer,  a hundred new qtns pop up. There is infinite possibilities as to wht we came to exist, but there are as equally numerous things to do as we figure that out. So as we figure out our spot in the universe, just try to enjoy it, bse no matter what happens to you, no matter how many tyms you mess up, in the end, it doesn’t even matter
stress is temporary, but the lessons you learn from it  will take you  a life time
you cannot change the direction of wind, but you can change your sail
doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will
you can lose the battle but still win the war
you knw,you have to be alert when you are suffering. You have to be alert to the beauty of life, the unexpected beauty in life. You have to look for those sparkling crystals in the darkness when things are bad. You have to look and see where things are still beautiful and where sth stil sustaining. You narrow down your time-frame and be grateful for wht you have and tht can take you throught some very dark times
the direct correlation that keys -the historian made isnt entirely proven but regardless, the 6th century was the time of profound change on the globe and its plain to see how the suffering brought by 536AD could bring about tht kind of mass change. But in the end we did recover, dindt we? Yes we did, but it took such a long time. Tht 130 year gap may look small but remember it was some peoples entire life time. However, it shows the resilience of the earth and that even altering catastrophes can be overcome. Crops regrow, healthy babies are born and new civilizations are built on the rubble of old ones. Dark cloud clear, volcanoes settle and life continues until the next disaster arises
your words start to lose value when your actions don’t match
focus on what you can control and let go of what you can’t
the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you’ve come
do your best and trust the process, the  harder you work, the luckier you become
Nothing is permanent, no matter how bad the situation is, it will change
when you start taking care of yourself, you start looking better, you start feeling better ,and you start attracting better. It all starts with you
a few bad chapters doesn’t mean the story is over
the only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be
rise up, start fresh, and see the bright opportunities in each new day
train your mind to see the good in everything. Positivity is a choice
the grass is greener on the other side, but when we get there, we realise that the other side poses as many challenges but in different forms
it takes both rain and sunshine for the flower to grow
Nomatter how well we  think we have buttressed ourselves for the future adversities, fate can always catch us in unexpected ways. The more we try to control external circumstances, the less in control we are
at the end of the day, there is only one thing that really matters,and thats your own happiness. What many people don’t realize  is tht they do somay things in life just to try to suceed as opposed to fulfilling a purpose
often, advice on what not to do is much more important than what to do 
they were primed to find flaws and that’s exactly what they will always find
kindness is free
money is everything here on earth, only poor people will try to prove that wrong
stay solid on your end
no one cares about your mental health until it turns into anger, then every one sees you as a bad guy
the path to paradise begins in hell
it makes no difference who you are
its crazy how life is just a long path to how you will die. Ironic, right?
One more push will bring you closer to the edge of it
life is what happens as you are busy making other plans
no one is only good or only bad
despite my luckluster high school career, I still believed I could become  a great player. And I knew tht if things were going to improve, I was the one responsible for making it happen...it was a new beginning  and it was a place where I would discover the surprising power of small habits
people are who they are not wht you think
it doesn’t matter how slow you move, provided you don’t stopping
let go who you think you are supposed to be, and embrace who you are
you can be important to someone but not all the time
in a world of work and business, you have to do your job. You might not like your boss or your job but you have bills to pay
you only fail if you quit
Anything which drags on too long loses its power
You don’t need to fight the system, but conformity is not allowed either
The fact that some people have auto accidents does not make it wrong to drive a car.
The prerequisites to effective communication, I suppose, are; timing, language, timely feedback and clarity of expression
He who carries the heaviest load receives the most blame. That's it.
Do whatever you want, but everyone will have to pay at the end.
we all have our secrets; we just haven’t got to yours yet
ideas are the new sexy
It’s so much easier to bury reality than it is to dispose off dreams
too much puzzle pieces can be missing and still be the right picture
Shame grows in the darkness
you are not that important; life will go on without you. Know that
come on Felix, we have been in worse situation than this
if you have nothing left to give, you are irrelevant, you have done your bit and we thank you for your service, good bye.
saving some one’s life connects you to them forever. its the same as taking it. they belong to you
live or die on this day
the choice is an illusion, you already know what you have to do
but to understand our future, we have to remember the past
our attention to detail, is how we maintain the peace
change is frightening, especially to those in power
it takes more power to build than to burn
We don’t construct a wall; we lay down a brick
Any exception to the rule is a potential loophole to the system
Unless we embrace the fact that we are differently and wonderfully made, unless we accept who we are and where we are from, then progress can't be achieved
Justice delayed is Justice denied
Accept the most humble and simple life, it takes you far to the end
The eye only sees what it knows
You'll not achieve some things unless you attain some level of character and behavior.
Each of us is like a soldier sent by their respective governments on a specific mission, we are accountable back home, and to our respective superiors. This place, is just but a meeting place, at the end of the day, we shall have to part ways
Two people will view the same situation differently, you fall off a bike, one says "you are careless”, and the other "that's learning “but the question should be," what satisfies you mind at that time?"
Prejudice starts from a person’s heart and mind. It’s based on misinformation
You cannot succeed in what you have not set yourself to achieve
When the situation is rushing you, take your time.
Not everything in the garden is Rosy
Be restless. Create a life that seeks challenges, root out opportunities and jump in the deep end.
There's no religion, doctrine, or sacrament that will take you to heaven, but the word of God 
We do things when there is need, not because we can do it, want or need it
Only when we come together for a common course and sacrifice for a responsibility that we actually have the right to evade, but lay down our personal interest for a long-term investment, shall we share the achievement
If you know what you're doing and confident about it, then there shouldn't be any reason for anyone to demoralize you. Their ideas are just that, just opinions.
Jack of all trades, is a master of none
Not all issues are solved with violence
You may not recognize it immediately, but soon or later, you'll realize that you can still lead people even when you don't have a title or shiny badge
Change is like an envelope; we don't know what it will bring.
Give people time, character takes long to build. But if the time is not worth the cost, then you will have to give them away. There's no option
Practical hurdles usually arise between dreams and reality
There is no limit to what a man can do or where he can go if he doesn’t mind who gets the credit
We always think that anyone who disagrees with us is ignorant, but that is wrong.
Ask yourself "do I really need to do this?" before jumping into any venture 
Parents can almost do anything for their children, except let them be themselves
The victims mainly include; those who sinned against the law, followed by those who though didn't take part in the violation, benefited from it and those who sat on their hands and looked the other side
When you've already gone through the pain then there's no need to stop, give even your last
Now when we say" do not give up “it’s not as plain as it seems, we need to have iron hearts and be made of steel to achieve anything in Life, at times we ought to be blind and deaf to make a remarkable move, and so crush our primitive desires; selfishness and greed to Stick to our purpose in life, that's why motivation doesn't work for those who haven't failed, and there's no place to learn this except through adversity, we learn trade by trading not words
Leaders don't force people to follow them, they inspire
We can win all together, but let us at least be sure of one thing if it should be our destiny to fail, let us not fail because we didn’t stick together
A person without knowledge is not good. Without knowing the facts, we make bad decisions.
It isn’t always a dark time when you realize that you are wrong, sometimes it’s a wonderful time
Keep in mind always that, you're an individual different from others
If you see you're not yielding results, change the strategy, don't begin advertising your problems, we want results by all means, the method being none of our business
You acted it in movies, I make it real. I had no talent or special ability but you told me what to do. If only you had shut
Knowing what to do when is very important but on the event that you're not sure, then doing the right thing should be the appropriate decision
Sweeping generalizations about members of a specific group do not apply to all members
The moment that I have been waiting for has finally arrived, which reason am I giving myself for not doing it?
Understand the difference between fear and being realistic, drawing a boundary between ambition and the reality, define the contrast between giving up and the limits of your ability
Everything is going to be okay; you don't have to worry about anything anymore
Stoop, I’m in control now
Every team is only a strong as their weakest player
You cannot save the whole world spencer, you got save yourself bse in this world its everyone for themseves
The time that I have been waiting for has finally arrived, which reason am I giving myself for not starting?
You must never hesitate
There are so many things you've to know about responsibility, but most important of all is to remain calm in a tricky situation
Everyone has their price; you just have to find out what it is
There's no difference between 12 and a dozen
In every human interaction or dealing, you should have patience, human beings need time.
Some messages are far away ahead of our time, that's why we constantly misinterpret and understand them
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it’s a matter of choice
Leaders don't force people to follow them, they go with those whose character meet the standard and are willing to follow
However good your message might be, you must know when, how and to whom to present, there's no guarantee it will be accepted
In the conflict between doing and not doing something, including the reason for each, know that you came into this world alone, you're responsible for all your actions, including inaction, do not do anything because of some one, soon we shall part ways, and you'll not have any other chance to make up for your mistake
If you don't have what to say, shut up. Better to remain silent than inviting shame.
My reaction today isn't characteristic of me, but a picture of how I viewed the situation at that time, anyone can do anything but doesn't make them it, I may not be what I did
Deciding what to do is much more important than knowing what to do. 
Don't work hard to compete or to be better than everyone, but rather to be the very best you can possibly be
What's more important isn't the intellectual property, but the mind, reasoning, and logic behind it. It's not all about the output but the processes behind it.
Waking up very early doesn't mean you have to be the best but rather minimizes the possibility of being the worst
Laying down the law bare to someone who's mature only attracts more rebellion, but to give them an out, and options to choose from is a key leadership skill, after all, they are old and there's nothing much they don't know
The more you decrease your options, the closer you're to deciphering the mystery. Having many options is a good thing but often causes a lot of confidence and loss of focus on what really matters
Not every YES means that someone agrees with you.
Don't aim at pleasing anyone but rather, play your part and let the rest conform
When the spring does not recoil, know that it's jammed
After making a promise, then you must stick to it. 
Worship Athena, not Ares. The Greeks despised Ares and
worshipped Athena, who always fought with the
utmost intelligence and subtlety. Your interest in war is
not the violence, the brutality, the waste of lives and
resources, but the rationality and pragmatism it forces
on us and the ideal of winning without bloodshed. The
Ares figures of the world are actually quite stupid and
easily misled. Using the wisdom of Athena, your goal
is to turn the violence and aggression of such types
against them, making their brutality the cause of their
downfall. Like Athena, you are always one step
ahead, making your moves more indirect. Your goal is
to blend philosophy and war, wisdom and battle, into
an unbeatable blend.
The questions we must ask ourselves are; to what extent do I benefit from someone's disadvantage? Am I personally responsible for it? What use is my guilt, my shame to those humiliated? what does the victim want from the perpetrator? Will the past be borne by me, my children or my children's children?
For every process, there's an output
Raw intelligence alone is not enough for success, it needs to be married to dedication and application. Intelligence alone is a waste of school and remember, the choices you make now will affect you in future
You need to keep low profile and stay hidden
Take note, prejudicial feelings can result into anger and hatred
It's absurd that you can fail after putting much effort but the possibility can’t erase the fact that provided you don't work hard, then failure is a guarantee
If you want to avoid jealousy, hatred and being poked, quit the group when there's no business
Progress can only be made when you stop competing with your neighbor but with yourself to see to it that you get better than you were yesterday
There's no definite path to success but to try different alternatives is to learn, and sometimes it consists of doing the same thing again, and again, and again.
Half an orange tastes just as sweet
It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees, rather to regret what I did than regretting what I didn't do. As I thought about this, I realized I had two choices: I could continue to meander through life, putting in minimum effort, taking no chances and accepting whatever was dished out to me as if it was my preordained destiny; or I could live by a new code, one that could take me well out of my comfort zone, make life much riskier—but also open the world up to me. As I shaped and then wrote out my new code, I made the personal commitment to live by it as much as I could.
When someone says something, he mentions it with a lot of authority and command, shaped by long time experience and expertise, blended with knowledge about its mastery, modeled throughout their life time and backed up by a seed of wisdom driving them to educate whoever's willing to listen thus equipping they with new motivation and long-lasting opportunities. Everyone deserves a listening
The first rule of survival is not to boil up in the first place
If you want to shine like that sun, then you must first burn like it
Do not go around advertising your failures, or seeking external assistance or advice for so long. you're not any different from those "mentors" of yours, to be independent of external opinions is maturity, sit down and think of how you can solve your problems and get better
There's no smoke without fire
If you are not the one that engineered the plan, or at least if you are not part of the team that engineered it, then don’t expect it to go your way, it is but a coincidence, don’t celebrate
Always remember that hate only brings more hate
After making a promise, you must stick to it and have it fulfilled
Carry on one project independent of the other, let not the failure of one bias you on the other or the success of one lead you to compromise the other, failing is shameful but know you failed as you not the project, and so carry on the personality of the other and set sail once again, this time round, not as you but the project
One of the ways of assuring victory is to be a head of time if only you knew how quickly things change, then you wouldn't hurry to jubilate, give up, put abet or draft conclusions
There's always that hidden motive driving people's actions. Investigate
we are not always quite good as we wish to be-as capable, as bright but it’s the human way to fall short of ourselves, for our thoughts can be untouched by the hard reality, where as our bodies and souls must bump into the hard world and the world will even up the equation of who we are
Before discharging a strategy on allegations of not yielding results, challenge yourself "for how long has it been operational? What’s the time range within which a project has to prove its Worth? “Then you'll realize that persistence solves the debate
There's no clue that's so outlandish as not to be considered with due searching, nothing could be farther from the truth
Why do people keep saying that? That such and such is the future, as if the future is by its nature better than the past, a progression rather than a set back
Modernity is a shiny light that opens the door that leads to a dark cliff and eternal damnation
A future employer wouldn’t look so much at grades, prescribed learning and tuition. A future employer would look for the ability to finish something you started. Stickability, resilience and perseverance against the odds would be accounted more highly than the academic transcript and conferral of the degree
Don't make any decision when not in a proper State of mind; when angry, or disappointed. Sit down, relax calm down and think
Don't pile cases against yourself, look back at your rejection not for so long, you're too good to be accepted, and won't blend with mediocrity, your memory is too precious to be filled with such small projects
The best way to regain good mood after getting angry with someone is to shut down. Go and sleep
Don't keep flashing back into the past, rather, do what you can, to your best, do what you believe and leave the rest to fate, let the result turn out that way it will
In any undertaking: be it a quest for knowledge, wisdom or truth, endeavor to look for the background data, what exactly is the foundation or building block of the effect you now see or problem you now seek to solve, begin from first principles
If we focus on how different others are from us, we could conclude that such differences are flaws and defects. We could be regarding as inferior those who actually are different from us
There's that tender age that stupidity reigns over us, but to emerge victorious over that madness is the beginning of focus
Very few decisions in life are irreversible, so make some!
Don't copy what you can't understand, know yourself and the limits of your abilities, backed up by your aspirations and background, whatever you had not planned for, probably wasn't necessary make, this is crucial, this is your life
Don't give up, there’s yet another opportunity, for every bus that passes by, there's another one coming, it's not yet done
What do you want in life; money or rendering service? take a stand and be sure of it before making any career decision
There are predators who kill and torture, and there are those who watch, applaud or close their eyes. Both of them are responsible in one way or the other for the atrocity made
Right now, is not the time to sit on the fence but rather to take a step and stand firm
When you find yourself applying too much force, you are doing it the wrong way
Nothing is impossible
Don't underestimate anyone, everyone has a special ability, unique to themselves, irrespective of their physical appearance, you have the opportunity to learn from them. keep low, be humble and take advantage 0f the situation
Do not put a bet over something that you have no control, anything that you have no upper hand into
Everyone in this world has their own predetermined destiny, and your destiny......is in your own hands
There is always a way
Giving consolations for every wrong decision doesn't justify your action, and neither does it make you right, or give you a peace of mind, you're just fooling yourself
There's no pride in knowing your problem, or having one, don't sit down and console. This is not an orchestra
Do not think of anything much longer than is necessary
It’s only some one that feels insecure who wants to prove 
Don't waste time on things that don't really matter or cause an impact, succeeding at things that don't really count; doing things done by feminine will not make you a hero, to succeed in small projects digging your own grave
All people, no matter what their background is, are part of the human family
Which other reason are you giving for not doing it apart from lack of commitment?
What has been planned must be done. Period
Life's not all about accepting or rejecting, but making calculated trade-offs
There is one unique thing with action, whether physical or psychological, expressed or hidden, it will translate into behavior, habit, and then character
Anything is possible
Strive always to go an extra mile, to give more than is expected of you, to be best possible you can be, to do what has never been, till the last syllable of recorded time
Are you not the cause of the problem you are now facing? or didn’t you contribute somewhere, somehow?
What I have been waiting I've finally got it; which reason am I giving myself for failing again?
Every war, every act of genocide or dictatorial regime has its own individual identity, norms and values, culture being the broadest sense of the word
The procedure to problem resolution I supposes is; identify the problem, what is the effect, what is the cause and then draft a solution
When the worst goes to the worst, the frog begins jumping in daylight
it is only some one who is offended that wants to revenge
To always toss and turn till the head is up should be the strategy to living a life of fulfillment. Someone's father is under rain, if you like it, continue sleeping
Anything that you feel uncomfortable saying, then, don't say it
We all don't start from the same point, but wherever you’re, do your best and you'll be recognized
Not everyone should know your side of the story, or understand your life, leave some mystery
War is a monster which changes its guise continuously
He who knows the challenge of invention will not laugh at any one’s creative works
We should question the validity of our supposed higher status, one that we neither chose nor earned
Never give advice to anyone unless they ask for it. There's no prophet who's accepted in his hometown
We will take our time, and then like a snake, we will strike
It's not a must that you'll be winning every time, you can't be a king in every kingdom
At least, if you can’t/don’t want to help, then don’t exploit us, at least don’t extort the little we have
For every idiot called to stand judgement, there's a tyrant quietly enjoying his pension
It's not all about what you do, but how you do it
We ought to do things according to need, we don't sweep because it's the dawn of a new day but because the compound was littered in the course of the night
Preparation assures confidence not victory, but failure knocks at the doors of they that do not work hard
Never take part in an argument, people will think that you are a fool
We have come from far indeed but where we are going is also far, don't relax
Every new conflict cries out for refining of agreement
All of us must at an early age take a firm stand and make a tough decision as to whom we shall follow and listen to. That's the key to living a life of focus.
It has been a long way but it's too late to give up
Egotism is having an inflated opinion of self-worth
Bear in mind that whatever you're doing, you're doing it for yourself and so let it be to the best of your ability, don't be fooled, you will curse your wisdom, tricks and laziness.
Don't jump into a venture that you know nothing of, reject any deals you don't understand
Never let somebody know that you are angry. Never
Compromise is a sign of strength not weakness
Don't be in haste to do anything, watch every step, and the possible outcome, don't rush, there is still time, calculate every move. what are you hurrying to do?
With humility, consider others superior to you.no one has monopoly over all good qualities and abilities. In some areas of life, others are better
Don't be in a hurry to believe everything, let the speaker convince you beyond reasonable doubt that they are not actually fooling you, and taking advantage of your kindness
Never let somebody's actions determine your decision, or control your emotions. Carry your brain with you
But one thing is sure, if you don't do anything, then nothing will change
Now, before you think of giving up, look at your watch, the clock keeps ticking, the wheels keep turning, and the world keeps moving, you're not hurting anyone but yourself, you're the one by losing, get up and carry on what you started, to see it to the end
Be upright in thought and deed
There's nothing like being patient or rushing, but making calculated moves
Whatever you're doing right now, provided you still or will be awake by then, will impact you in the future, whatever you're experiencing now is a culmination of your past
Never execute an action that pops into your mind all over the sudden, especially after an event, an action that rushes you.
It doesn’t matter how much effort you put, provided you are using the wrong tools, you are not getting far
Me I gat nothing to hide, no reputation to keep, neither pride to feed, nor ego to boost, I gat no status to maintain, I have nothing to lose
When things don't turn out as you expect, do not frown, accept you didn't put in much effort to deserve better than this, go back and invest what culminates to the result you seek
Justice is for the rich and forgiveness for the poor
The strength of an approach is its efficiency
Cut me a soul O’Lord, a soul that doesn't look around to see what others are doing before I can decide, a heart that doesn't boil out in the rush hour, an unlimited mind in exploration, knowing no boundaries, a spirit that detests comparison, jealous, pride, envy, and a body that is hardened and all terrain
The only way to survive under tension when problems knock, is to calm down, and stay normal
If you really want or desire anything, then you got to fight for it
Believe you can and you’re halfway there
Only you can change your life. No one can do it for you.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed
Focus on the Present
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Take Action
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great
Embrace the Journey
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way
Don’t wait, the time will never be just right
You can if you think you can
Eighty percent of success is showing up
Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it
The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job
You have to be bold and get rid of the thoughts that are holding you back
Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact
Man doesn’t know what he is capable of until he is asked
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket
There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers as rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door
If you cannot do great things, then do small things in a great way.
It is never too late to be what you might have been
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose
the clock resets everyday
A year from now you may wish you had started today
do or do not. there is no try
It’s the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief. And once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.
Nothing will work unless you do
Life is about creating yourself.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful after all.
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don’t turn up at all.
The only thing standing between you and outrageous success is continuous progress you need discipline
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning. Once it does, it becomes the kind of thing that makes you grab your wife around the waist and dance a jig.
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses — behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. 
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Elevate yourself above the battlefield. In war, strategy is the art of commanding the entire military operation. Tactics, on the other hand, is the skill of forming up the army for battle itself and dealing with the immediate needs of the battlefield. Most of us in life are tacticians, not strategists. We become so enmeshed in the conflicts we face that we can think only of how to get what we want in the battle we are currently facing. To think strategically is difficult and unnatural. You may imagine you are being strategic, but in all likelihood you are merely being tactical. To have the power that only strategy can bring, you must be able to elevate yourself above the battlefield, to focus on your long-term objectives, to craft an entire campaign, to get out of the reactive mode that so many battles in life lock you into. Keeping your overall goals in mind, it becomes much easier to decide when to fight and when to walk away. Tactical people are heavy and stuck in the ground; strategists are light on their feet and can see far and wide
Alright, you push for your things, but don’t involve us in this
Lord, please grant me the serenity to accept the things that I cannot change, the courage to change those that I can, and the wisdom to know the difference
The problem with us is that we are prepared for peace, and not at all prepared for what confronts us in the real world-war
 You only lose when you decide to give up
It’s not of my interest to win the argument, because even if I did or succeeded in proving you wrong, I am the one who stands to lose, because, what I gain from you is much more than what you profit from me
Never make a permanent decision on a temporary problem
Are the traits that I dislike about a person actually bad or they are just different?
Soldiers are a valuable commodity and the wounded should be well taken care of. After all mercenaries are expensive and volunteers too few
Create in me a genius to embrace whom I am O Lord; my abilities, including inabilities (whatever they are), special talent (if any), irrespective of other people's speed and to give room for change and learning when necessary
 You only give up when you choose to
After defeat, what then will you take? the new unpalatable course of action, or quitting? what is your decision? after all, all the other options didn't take you further than you're now.
Strive always to go an extra mile, to give more than is expected of you, the best possible you can do, to bring to the world what has never been
The bad thing with us is that, we think someone is looking at you
If you want to change what you're reaping, change what you're sowing
We all have faults and virtues but to be honest, color, nationality and mother tongue have nothing to do with someone’s innermost feelings, trustworthiness and hard work
Self-pity dilutes human potential, and robs us of the valuable virtue- perseverance.
We are all the same and viewed just the same at the starting line, what distinguishes us is what we do along the way.
Promise me that for every progress you make up the ladder, you will not conform to what keeps the inhabitants there retarded at the same stage. But rather keep your eyes focused on your goal
Every morning, at the dawn of a new day I expect something to change, something different, something unique to happen; for the good or for the worst, I stretch forth my hand to as far as it may end, open to grasp new opportunities
The only solution, the remedy to the problem you’re now facing lies within you, if you sit down, burning with range within you, then you'll bleed internally
If we isolate people whom we view negatively, we may reinforce prejudice. Limiting our friends to people who are like us, makes us tend to believe that our way is the only acceptable way of thinking, feeling and acting.
And finally, BELIEVE in yourself, have FAITH in God and HOPE for a better tomorrow and the future
If at any one time you feel there's no hope, hang on. The unexpected is about to happen
Life is not a party for a man, it can be so tough that you can't even stand, but you got to start, you'll have to walk on burning coal provided there is no alternative, even without any ray (of light or hope) you'll have to go but then never ever think of giving up.
The person who is going to kill you will not come with a sword but a smile
Watch out before you leap into events, be sure not to take a premature dive. Before you follow the crowd, understand which position you're in before executing a mission you planned for not, and is it necessary to do so anyway? If you're not sure about anything, don't do it.
A plan shared is a plan failed 
Asking for help is not a sign of weakness but strength
Running away never won glory or a fight
If all the conditions were right, and the timing perfect, what would you want to achieve
You are either with me 0r against me
There's nothing like what must be done, but what is the intent
We learn the way along the way but we need to have a clue about where we are going
Spiritualize your warfare. Every day you face battles--that is the reality for all creatures in their struggle to survive. But the greatest battle of all is with yourself--your weaknesses, your emotions, your lack of resolution in seeing things through to the end. You must declare unceasing war on yourself. 
As a warrior in life, your welcome combat and conflict as ways to prove yourself, to better your skills, to gain courage, confidence, and experience. Instead of repressing your doubts and fears, you must face them down, do battle with them. You want more challenges, and you invite more war. You are forging the warrior's spirit, and only constant practice will lead you there
Ensure never to suppress your guilt, don't do anything contrary to what your conscience tells you, listen to that shy fellow Manning your ship, keep your conscience and guilt alive.
You got to use your imagination, OK? don’t judge a book by its cover 
Most of the problems we face are made by man, and if man made, then he can unmake
The time is now, there is nothing like next time I will watch out, there's nothing like next time I will be careful, history repeats itself, this is how blurred and unprecedented it was before the wrong turn was made then.
Never take sincerity for truth
When someone robs you, don't bark. They won't profit from the loot
Always be conscious of your environment, and watch your surrounding
We have variations, we can never be the same
Look at people for what they are but never expect anything more than that
No one is born knowing it all, everything is learned, and a lion becomes better through continuous hunting.
If a message doesn't invoke an idea inside you fast time, then probably you're missing out on what it has to offer
Don't always feed your desires but once a while check your interests against what others say
There are no shortcuts in life
I know I am not that smart guy, and shining isn’t for me. But I know, I know that definitely, the meek shall inherit the world 
We will, we are a team 
There are two kinds of pain; the pain of regret (of not having done something yet you actually had the opportunity) and the pain of discipline (of doing something yet you actually have the option to evade)
There is no progress in being a socialist because the world is too lazy to work hard especially if they know they can get away with it
There is no pride in failure
You live and die by your actions, this is not an exception
One team, one dream
When we get to know people personally, we begin to understand why they do things differently.
Live to fight another day
Acknowledge the sacrifice in every piece of precaution, don't just let advise pass by, take note of it, invest in exploratory learning
The secret to great achievement is being highly strategic.
Believe in hard work rather than being smart
It's only when you understand who you are that you'll be able to take tough decisions
We aren't here to play one party against the other but to seek the intersection between their ideology
Every move you make should be with a purpose
Confirm that your clock isn't being faster than the real time
Do not fear failure but please be terrified of regret
You don't have to be in the best University in the world to achieve your goals. You need to know what you want
Every accomplishment revolves around ATTITUDE, HOPE and CONFIDENCE
The difference comes in how we respond to the situation, everyone is knowledgeable but what do you do with what you know
There are no limits to what you can achieve except those you set for yourself
Always start from known to unknown, visible to invisible
You will always pay the consequences of your leader's decisions
When we try to understand how people’s experiences have shaped their personalities, we may develop a positive attitude towards them
In leadership, it's not that people don't know, they just are stacked and fed up of the old tricks, they need someone who's going to think up new ideas, be the Messiah they seek
There is no comparison between the sun and the moon, they shine when it’s their time
Give yourself time
Avoid competition in all your endeavors, because you're going to be disappointed anyway
Tomorrow the sun will rise, and I will try again
Don’t let them rush you
Whatever you feel guilty of doing, don't do it. Your conscience is communicating
At the end of the day, the good, and the right will always win
The development of any ability, I suppose, sprouts from the acknowledgement of the need and the burning desire for its fulfilment
And above it all, don’t forget your common sense
First get the full details before opening your mouth
no, all was a mirage
Believe that your blueprint isn't the one that runs the world
If your conversation with someone doesn't make you any better, then probably you're underutilizing him
All humanity is a single entity. Forget about religion, color and financial status. We are all one
But behind the scenes, cards are being played 
Skill and tactic lend you an upper hand in a battle, but to be able to spot the opponents loophole and weakness will secure you victory
When two elephants fight, the grass always suffers
No decision based on comfort shall triumph
Question yourself "what do I stand to lose if I endured the extra hustle? And what do I profit from the comfort?"
While you should not seek to harm people who violate your moral standard or seek to deprive them of their right, it’s not prejudicial to exclude them from your circle of friends
You might be talented, far much more trained, but marks are made in the examination room, I just need one perfect opportunity, just one mistake from you, and you'll bow before me, then the end will justify the means
We may have dreams and ambitions but we must always check them against the reality and prevailing circumstances
Once you put comparison into the equation, then you are going to break down
We ought to ask ourselves at the end of the day, what really matters?
No one is willing to welcome me, no one is willing to come to my aid, and no one dares to take a risk for me, no one. I the daft fellow, without talent and any special ability. Fine, each man for himself but God for us all.
Give it time
This is a tough journey for me, right, but I won't cut it short till the end, but between now and then, I will keep trying, seeking homage to where exactly I belong
Success begins with an individual
There's not much time left
Doing kind things to others brings people together
The key to decoding the secret plan in your environment is to know how things should be in a normal situation
But, why me? why always me? why should it be only me? to be neglected, should this happen, accepted by none but my parents? Fine we shall see
But among those shooting stones at me, there is one doing so against will
And among those wrong ones, there's a sincere fellow, an innocent one, there's a misplaced fellow, one with a mistaken identity, one who deserves kind consideration, people are representative of themselves not a group
Avoid special consideration.
Never loose humanity, don't forget your roots, remember where you came from
While passing a message, don't be tough. Rudeness is a weak man's impression of power
And as you render assistance, don't expect a favor in return, let it be out of will, and forget
One of the secrets to victory is to be alert and vigilant during the dark moments, and quickly spot opportunities
When you chase away the dog and so must the company, otherwise when you segregate, people are foolish they will connive against you, including the one you handed a favor
Don't go extreme, this is just a game
Never mind, this is now, but spilled milk, water under the bridge, if indeed you were not guilty, fine then another train is soon to come
Do not celebrate for so long, just after happiness comes sadness
And at the end of the day, the truth shall win and justice will prevail
Don't give up so soon, wait a bit, a little longer, and another opportunity may come
What you do unto others, will also be done unto you
Those who live by the sword will die by it
The walls you build around yourself to keep away bad people will also prevent the good ones from coming.
when you do bad, bad will accumulate and come back to you, nature has its own method of payment
Once an enemy, always an enemy, don't be fooled when they become friendly, when they seem nice, that's a plan, watch out, soon you'll fall in their trap
And above all, don't be so stupid as to let your emotion, your love blind you, don't forget where you came from and never reject advice
The first step to making a tough decision is not the courage to do it. No, that's the second. But the very first one is knowing your areas of strength and weakness
Now when you're elevated, don't assume you're on top of the world, remain humble, don't forget those who fought with you, the guiding principles that brought you to where you are now, the advice you were told long ago, don't get mad in love, this is the Time you need to consult even more, and don't make a Hasty decision of your own, listen to advise, don’t disappoint your benefactor
Take your time
There's no use holding a high status. Trade it off for a better advantage
Don't get excited, whatever doesn't belong to you, don't take it, accept where you came from and descend down the ladder, to avoid trouble or risking your life, don't inherit, what doesn't belong to you
Don't be a sheep, never accept to be driven in to anything or mission against will
Be strong, OK?
When a new species is introduced into an ecosystem, it disrupts
Give people your observation not your conclusions. Deductions mislead. Unless you can shoulder the responsibility for the results of their actions based on your deductions, do it not
Now is the time to focus on need rather than want
Everything happens for a reason, be positive
What matters is not what you tell me but what you think of or discuss in my absence, what is your ultimate motive? that's what really counts
It's too early, wait a little longer, keep buying some time, your perception might be wrong or otherwise the rescue team is about to arrive
For every problem there's an answer that's simple, clear, and wrong
Don’t let people who are enjoying their harvest rush you into eating your seeds
Fights are won through the art of deception and tactics combination
Now be sure you'll have to pay for your sins, blood or no blood, whether it was out of kindness or no kindness, for the right or wrong course, the law will have to be enforced
Don't go on playing tricks, because they will be exposed
Now for you who think up wicked plans, don't hurry to celebrate, the animal might not be dead yet, otherwise it might be a raw deal
Another strategy of winning a fight is attention diversion; to rain fire on one side so as to shift or concentrate his focus there and expose a weakness 
If that you see doesn't teach you anything, then probably you're blind
Always be on the lookout for something unusual, because that could be the gate to your tears
Watch out, don't be in a hurry, there's still time 
Getting jealousy is proof enough that you're a novice. Jealousy is a sure sign of inferiority
However unwell I am feeling today, I have to get and accomplish what I had set myself to do
The most frequently used tooth is less prone to plague, tables will always turn against those who use you to accomplish their interest, those cards will turn out in your favor
Don't accept rumors, or act basing on them, go confirm from the victim
It's not who we are, but how we feel
We write our own destiny
Put an idea on a waiting list and check if it will stand the test of your mood swings; when you're sound and emotional. See if it will emerge necessary after the test.
Whatever you are going to do, whatever you are doing, do it well
Provided you can still breath, you have another chance to make a shot and be what you want
The gateway to a man's weakness is a woman, and the spotlight to all fights is centered around ladies, but the most important thing is to know which battles are worth fighting and who's worth fighting for.
The hunter will keep chasing till he gets you
A bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you fail to make the turn
Launch not, a decision made in emotion
Life is what you make it
Look, if you don’t face your demons, they will eat you alive
You should never be satisfied with being just good enough
It's not only the one shouting at the burial who is mourning, even the quiet is shedding tears
But behind the scenes, cards are being played
When someone is questioning your leadership, give him position of responsibility so that he may realize he would not have been any different 
For every Hero, there's a Villain
The driving force behind all decisions are centered around sugared and power but the most important thing is to remind yourself when your actions are being governed by such primitive motives
when you get ashamed of your struggles, who will feed your family?
Remain silent, shut up and keep quiet
One of the reasons for collision of knowledge is that we do not know it's limits. All wisdom is correct but under which context is it valid?
Mind your business
when you mess up your life in this early year, how will you live the rest of the 75 years to come? Tame your feelings
Don't say anything that you're not sure of, you'll land into trouble
While watching the front gate, don't neglect that back gate
Speak only when the substance of your rhetoric is more valuable than silence
No matter how persuasive they may sound, people are what they do, period. Listen with your eyes
Before you drop the gavel ask yourself "if I had his oars, would I row differently?" 
Truth often becomes a casualty to perception-we prefer a version of truth or a form we prefer to be truth. The actual truth not withstanding
Everyone looks great at the starting line
All human relationships will eventually disappoint 
It's misguided that people will change their stripes for you
Activity is not equivalent to accomplishment, don't be plugged into everything
To overcome the provoking, ignore the poking. Let him look a fool
However intrusive the conversation is, provided you are not party to dinner, keep your mouth shut
It's much easier to become a clone than pursue your destiny
Life's most determinant decisions are considerations between important and urgent
However provocative the conversation is, provided you are not invited, mind your business
Prices are awarded only to finishers
Speak of nothing that you do not understand, and say not what you are not sure of
Life's boldest challenge, maintain the status quo or roll the dice 
Victory in war lies in striking a delicate balance between the art of defense and attacking
After you dream open your eyes
Don't make rush decisions
Only get involved in what concerns you, and participate in what affects your life
Anyone can be a saint with nothing on the line, can you walk your talk? because soon or later every commitment is tested
Life's journey offers no exits or U-turns but jarring detours
Issues about someone’s behavior, character, and lifestyle are things you should not poke your mouth into, know the limits of your self-appointed mentorship and advice
Be sure you are not just consoling
Men cannot go against what fate has determined already
Practical hurdles arise between dreams and reality
I want you to always remember that success requires sacrifices
A protector/worker always dedicates everything to his employer
You don't need to go to the best school in order to succeed, you need to know what you want
You're too young to know the world, things are not as simple as you think
But every day I remind myself, (with tears rolling down my eyes) that's not for you, it's for the position that you're in, what will I do when I quit this position? how will it be that day? What will I say?
Your energy may drop, your enthusiasm may dip, but it shouldn't dip as to make you give up.
What's the reason for this attachment? Be sure it's not for what you can give. What happens tomorrow when you are not in position to do so?
But then, what actually matters? what's important at this time?
A strong person is not he who doesn't cry but he bursts to tears publicly, then gets up to chase what he believes in
Bad company corrupts good character
Never hurry to display your short temper
Never hate anyone. At least don't show it
There's is power in silence, keep quiet, and listen. This is how we gather information 
If only we could listen
But every day I held guilt in my heart, I received honor I didn't deserve, and felt jealous for everyone around me. incompetence is indeed insecurity
We can afford to communicate it around, but can you live what you say?
If it feels nice saying it, then probably it's not the right thing to say
It's always at top flight and in high speed that you should remember to have brakes, slow down
There's is always that instinct that tells you "No, it's not right" This Is a message, and like all messages, stay warned
There is always that mask you're always comfortable wearing, and that personality you're comfortable acting. Be yourself and set your standard, don't copy what you're not comfortable doing
Trade off your pride, accept to be the Dumbest guy in the room, act like you don't know anything let your mouth be shut then eyes and ears stay alert, if you want to watch patterns and spy information
Do not be deceived, it won't be long before the real you start to manifest and we shall get away with you as well
Be careful when people mirror your actions, because what happens tomorrow when there's no object? The key to great leadership is to prepare your comrades for an independent life. A life without you.
Leave issues of generals to generals-mind your business. If you can't stand the smoke, leave the kitchen
Keep your life private. Your struggles and your success. Sometimes we fail because we talk too much.
Retreating doesn't solve the problem but rather hinders learning and growth
To be strong is that ability to stay in the game without quitting even with tears down your cheeks 
Learning is embracing your mistakes and criticism in good faith without unleashing emotions, then developing a strategy to solve them without going extreme
The strength of fools lies in numbers
But one thing that I will always remember with a sigh, I wasn't a genius, but with a lot of pain under my chest, I washed my eyes while moving
When you keep a watch over me, do not hope to celebrate at the end, because I have been a failure for my whole life, and I don't expect to rise at any one time, no one trusts me, everyone has lost hope and confidence in me. This is a brief account of who I am
When you reach the peak of your excitement, be sure you are about to frown
I've been ashamed and embarrassed so many times that I have lost pride in myself. Every day that passes by, teaches me the harsh reality, trims me to size and humbles me to level
It's your mouth that betrayed you, if only you had shut it...........
In life, we need brakes, we ought to go slow, be humble and keep calm, if we are to minimize the problems that we are facing
Don't dig into someone's private life if you value peace and harmony, or detest heart breaks and disappointment
What you know, you know. There nothing to prove, it's not your duty to clear shit up
Detest tribalism, nepotism, racism or friendly ties when it comes to business. Insist on quality and standard. Business is business, because at the end of the day, all friendships will eventually disappoint
When you give someone an opportunity to Show superiority over you, then, slowly but surely (though Unknowingly or unintentionally) they will think they are. Get it sorted right away when it appears
BELIEVE
Is what I'm doing right? Or am just doing what is comfortable
Don't think the world revolves around you only, it involves other people as well
If you know you can't stand the smoke then leave the kitchen
Be a person of value to others, help them solve their problems, be kind and nice. Then, bearing your goal in mind, they will help you rise to greater heights
Why someone is emphasizing an issue, he is either guilty or there's a rumor circulating. Investigate
The key to any undertaking is to know your limits
Knowledge is not for keeps, and neither is it for pride or a measure of self-worth but the value lies in its application. Put it into use.
There are always two reasons for doing anything; The GOOD reason and the REAL reason
From dust you came and to dust you'll return should be the basis of your action before you get greedy
Take responsibility of your actions. Avoid carelessness
When there is anyone or anything daring you, pause, stop, step back and stand aside
If there is anything that doesn't make sense or sum up, quit the scene
Remain silent, always
Avoid hatred, avoid anger, avoid jealousy
Not all days come the same, today might be rainy but tomorrow most likely will be sunny, today you may be smiling but tomorrow most likely you will be frowning
Ensure that you accomplish today what you are supposed to do. Avoid laziness
No strategy works for two situations, not even killing two birds with one stone
Don't burn with range, sit down and watch the patterns
You either survive or die trying
Hatred, anger, jealousy, and competition arise when you lose the broad picture, when you forget what you are doing and why you are doing it in the first place
The finest steel has to pass through the hottest fire, the best sailor is made in the Stormy Sea
The key to practical wisdom is to observe phenomenon
No kingdom or family divided against itself shall stand, the ruin of the nation starts in the homes of its fellow citizens
You cannot be a slave to two masters
Before starting to look at someone with a bad eye, check if you are not just being stupid
Avoid pride avoid ego
Avoid what everyone is doing, and drop everybody's approach
Live within your means
You cannot evade tomorrow's responsibility by doing it today.  You must live in the present.
It doesn't pay to have a hot mouth
Every question is your question, if you don't have answers then no one has 
Put first things first
Be sure you are not just sour griping 
Believe in hard work then accompany it with prayers. Let God bless the works of your hands
Where there's no vision, nations perish
Never put off, until tomorrow, what must be done today
There's no difference between 12 and a dozen
Pound harder and don't quit. Believe me, it won't kill you after all.
There's no time for games
Don't hurry to tag an incentive when you make a request
Whatever your goal is, you'll need money. Financial literacy is part of the plan
When you've nothing to say, shut up, say nothing. Better to remain silent than invite shame
Be sure you're not chasing wind
If you want to avoid jealousy, hatred, anger and being poked leave the group when the productive conversation is over, quit when there's no business
If you want to shine like the sun, then you must first burn like it
Avoid blowing your trumpet, keep low key and work hard
Success is a creative art based on good craftsmanship. The most successful individual is he who is going to display the best manipulative skills of his hands and mind
A good tree is known by the fruits
Fight for nothing that you didn't work for
Compete not, and stake nothing over something you have no control, if you have no upper hand
Avoid black mailing, rumor mongering, and back biting
What has been planned has to be done. period
Go your way and I go mine. Let's see how far each of us will end
It's not what you do, but how you do it
Go hang yourself if you're jealousy about how unfairly people's actions profit them. If you feel offended, who is stopping you from doing likewise?
Never let someone know that you are angry. Never
Never let somebody's actions control your emotions and decisions. carry your brain with you
Be upright in thought and deed
If someone's words offend you, go away. Who is forcing you to listen?
Execute no action that pops into your mind after an incident, an action that rushes you
Do not launch any decisions made under emotions
If what some is doing doesn't affect you, shut up. Why are your jealousy?
The questions are the same but the answers are different
No matter how much time changes, we'll still pay for our past
One of our biggest problems is that we forget
Ok I lose
Every good story must come to an end 
However long night maybe, day is sure to come
Tolerance may not be your duty but your privilege
As you think so you become
Question yourself always," is the action backed up by a reason or the reason is backed up by the action"
Kindness shown to a specific group of people is not kindness but selfishness
One of the ways to be in harmony with your neighbors is to give them the impression that they are right and you are wrong
On subjecting you to a situation, a lot can be discovered
Until you breathe your last, your life must count for something greater than your past. We choose who we are, we decide who we become
You may delay but time will not
When the shadow is bent, straighten the tree not the shadow
The world will stand aside and let you pass if it sees that you know what you want, where you are going and confident about it
The key to staying out of trouble is to go slow
Comparison will result into self-loathing and hold you back. God doesn't measure you against others but what we can possibly be if we assert our gifts in the market place
The problem is that we think we have time
Poverty and failure are the result of laziness, indecision and inaction
The secret to unlimited success is to find a need and fill it
Success is the result of confronting and acting in spite of fear
Every challenge comes with an opportunity. Think positive
Those who tell you about others will also tell others about you
Go, the Lord is leading you. He has given you victory
Never make Hasty decisions
Success has a simple formula, do you part and let the rest turn out the way it will
Never trust anyone
Not everyone at the workplace is your friend. Do your job and go home
Friendship has limits
Every person invented himself for whatever reason, for whatever circumstances
If you were not born with a silver spoon, but one
As you work your way out, consider your neighbor
Avoid politics and war if you want peace
Your reward depends on what you say and what you do, you'll always get what you deserve
Don't be quick to judge someone. After all, you only see what they choose to show you
Work and you'll earn a living, if you sit around talking, you'll be poor
The first person to speak in court seems right until the opponent starts to question him
Accept the change when it comes. Avoid forcing what you want.
We always think we know, but we don't
If you are sensible, you'll control your temper, if someone wrongs you, it’s best to ignore
Any fool can start an argument, the honorable thing is to stay out of it.
There's a limit to everything
Share what you know with people when they request. After all content gets progressively diluted down the chain
Maturity is when you learn to mind your business
You know, the only good thing about being poor is that you know when people are actually interested in you and not your money
There is nothing behind us, for any object, argue now for a better way forward
This is our home, we are one and we fight as one
Silence is not a lie,its just concealing the truth but its not lying
The key to peaceful living is, avoid pulling ropes
You know what the koran says about lying? That its ok if it brings peace between people
All extremities are dangerous; whether good or bad
If you answer a silly question, you're as silly as the one who asked
Give a silly answer to a silly question then the one who asked will know he's not as clever as he thought
When helping someone, do it with no strings attached.
Calm down, don't take it personal
We build our own castles, we create our own destiny, we are the architects of our own future
The foundation of proper leadership is based on giving the right responsibility to the right person
We have to struggle individually in order to celebrate together
Over talking makes you sick. Remember, too much honey makes you vomit
Don't believe the nth messenger, ask from the person himself
Be a nice guy outside but when it comes to business, business is business
But it's strikingly shocking that the stake holders and well-wishers have much hope and confidence in you than you do in your abilities
It's a little unfortunate that those critics admire your work and struggles in private
You who is trying to change people, let's see how far you will go
Wherever you are, provided you are good at what you do, you'll always be recognized
Fly your own way
Right is right and wrong is wrong. Give credit where it deserves and punishment where due
But Time Will tell
Always be resourceful and improvise where necessary. Resources are always in limited supply
Not everyone who needs help is vulnerable, assess the situation to see if they aren't taking advantage of your honesty
My duty is not to spoon-feed but my role is to show the way and direction on how to reach the destination, and I shall not do so unless you prove to me that you are trying but things are not just working out
Play with an infinite mindset
I had all I needed in abundance and nothing did I lack, I had all the good will and patronage of the stakeholders, and yet for some reason or the other I felt I wasn’t doing what was expected of me. Every day that passed by I was filled with self-guilt and incompetence, much was expected of Me than I could deliver
Never take anything for granted
Success begins with an individual, the biggest investment you can make is in yourself
Say NO to swearing even though the odds are in your favor
When passing a message, avoid over acting
Responsible professionals give some time to thinking and planning at the onset of the project
Every accomplishment is bound by two principles; know how to do it, and then do it
Grumbling makes the loaf no larger; this is not the time to groan about the little you have but the time to see how never to have little
One of the reasons we lose another people's goodwill is that we exaggerate
To the uninformed, the pessimist and the lazy, even a molehill is a mountain
Stay calm and be in control
Pasteur discovered vaccination more by accident than scientific research for which he trained himself but chance and luck favor the prepared trained mind
Bear no grudge with anyone and settle your differences will him
Attentiveness to detail is a more critical foundation of professionalism than is any grand vision
It is through practice in the small that professionals gain proficiency and trust for practice in the large
The closer you're to the goal, then you have to be focused the most
There's no use whatever in trying to help people who are not willing to help themselves. You cannot push someone up the ladder unless he's willing to climb himself
Knowledge is not power but potential power; the power lies in its application.
Don't go about playing tricks. They will be exposed
It's not that I'm not contented, and neither is it that I'm tempered nor aggressive, my thermostat just shifted higher
Lord father, I know it's going to be a tough time for me always, but put me in a position where I have nothing to lose always
Advice is free but the choice is yours
The smallest bit of sloppy construction of the door, messy desk or crooked tile on the floor completely dispels the charm of the larger whole 
A stich in time saves nine
When you're at the peak of excitement, the you have to be alerted the most
Unless I miss my guess, once we're done with the common enemy, the next battle will be between us
The question is not whether you accept the fact or not but how long before you realize that the truth
We should not necessarily live by the law, rather, ask yourself what is the right thing to do
Remember purpose is more important than speed
The only way to overcome temptation is to avoid
Neatness is a remedy for every form of evil
Cleanliness is next to godliness
An ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure
Give yourself time, don't lose hope
This is life in craneshew,everyone here has to work twice as hard just to keep up with the rest of the world, most of us don’t even start the race until its over. You have been given a chance to start on time but that’s not an advangae spencer, that’s equal opportunity to succeed
Life is full of disappointments, setbacks and failures but none of them can permanently stop you. You've the power to overcome everything that life throws at you, there's nothing as powerful as a made-up mind, surround yourself with people who constantly remind you that you're matter, and support you in ways that matter the most to you. No person, circumstance or situation can definitely you. Don't give up, never cave in or stop believing that it's possible. It's not over until you win.
He who looks for honey must have the courage to face the bees
Immediately you ask yourself “will I really manage?" Then you've already lost
Avoid arguing because once you open your mouth, you lose control
The law of quality work is to do it yourself
No, the beginning is always easy, the challenge comes in maintaining the gas
If you don't program yourself, life will program you
Know whom you listen to and who you follow
You're not going to prove anything you anyone. Prove yourself to yourself.
He who is faithful in little things is faithful in much
A poem is never done but bears continual rework, to stop working on it is abandonment
Some of us go to work, some of us hustle, but don't just sit on your ass and expect to get paid
Have more than you show, say less than you know
Don't waste time looking back on what you've lost, move on, life should not be travelled backwards
Discipline is choosing right over what you want
If you knew how quickly people forget the dead, you wouldn't be doing things to impress
It's not all about who has more talent, but who's hungrier
Life has no remote, get up and change it yourself
Responsibility is how you take charge of small things
Perfectionism should not be the goal, but honesty and honesty to ourselves that we did the best we could
Simple does not mean something is simplistic, and neither does it mean it is easy
Character is what you do when no one is seeing
Everyone has the same 24 hours, those who make them count win the game
Whatever you're not changing, you're choosing
Sometimes we fail because we talk too much
Never get addicted to escaping, no battle is ever won by people who run
Life doesn't happen by itself; we make it happen
A bad penny always shows up
Courage doesn't always roar, sometimes it's that little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try tomorrow again
You're not going to impress anyone
Say NO to self-pity
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you
Design is always ongoing not only when we add new room to the house but as we are attentive repainting
Having God in your boat doesn't mean you'll not face any storm, it means no storm can sink your boat, walk in faith and you'll never walk alone
Anger is the punishment you give yourself for someone else's mistake
Poison is anything beyond that what we need
There's nothing like let me try, you either do it, or don't
Plan for tomorrow but don't forget to live today
Never forget who helped you out when everyone was making excuses
The wrong will never go away unless you correct it
The truth is everyone has two eyes but not all of us have the same view
A mistake made twice is a choice
Be strong, it may be Stormy now, but it never rains forever
Don't be busy, be productive
One of the principles governing social interactions and communication is that; better to misfire than to be misunderstood or misquoted
Spending your time analyzing faults in people's lives yet your own needs serious repair is to be mentally impaired
The grass may be Greener on the other side, but it's just as hard to cut
Wealth is a measure of a man's ability to think
If you're going through hell, keep going. Don't stop there
It's not the future that we're afraid of, it’s the fear of the past repeating itself that haunts us
Stop stressing yourself out, God knows what you're facing and he'll provide
Negative minds never give you a positive life. Someone constantly emphasizing what's wrong with you has a personal problem he wants to take out on you
My friend, it’s better to be a warrior in a garden than being a gardener in a war
Sometimes we think we are too intelligent and know more, but how much longer will you refuse to obey commands
In a conflict between time and money, choose time. You can get more money but you can't get more time
Invest in your dreams, grind now and shine later
Before executing any action, pause a bit and ask yourself "but why? Why really do I have to do this?" Is it really important and called for?
The dream of a fool is for everyone to be a bloody fool like him.
You can't undo the moves, but you can make the next step better
In life, just as in chess, a move once made remains on board
When we can no longer change the situation, we are challenged to change ourselves
Everyone is sweet at the beginning. Remember that.
Move in silence. Speak only when it's time to say checkmate
The key to success is to start before you're ready
One of the reasons for disappointments and ultimate unhappiness is over expectations
This is now the time I should focus on the real meaning, and purpose of my life, because the time is almost up
To have a dream comes in hand with avoiding negative people. To those without a mission, your dream is nothing but an illusion
It's not all about who's better, it's not all about who's more talented, but what's more important is, who's hungrier, the question is, who is more desperate for the win
I don't like how heroes are being crowned now days, why would you wait to fall victim of the scenario before you realize that this problem actually did exist, and needed attention
The secret to success in life lies in proper planning and being highly strategic
What matters is when you re-set the pieces and, play again
You don’t a second chance in this game
Depend on your own arms. In the search for success in life, people tend to rely on things that seem simple and easy or that have worked before. Everything in life can be taken away from you and generally will be at some point. Your wealth vanishes, the latest gadgetry suddenly becomes passe, your allies desert you. In the middle of a crisis, your mind will find its way to the right solution.Having superior strategies at your fingertips will give your maneuvers irresistible force...Being unconquerable lies with yourself.
You may think that you know, but you don’t
Don't be afraid, stand your ground and see what the Lord will do to save you today
Anyone who sees you as an option doesn't deserve to be a priority
Sometimes the place you are used to is not where you belong, you belong where you think you belong. Here is that for you
Are you aware that there are friends who hate you secretly but laugh with you always?
To find where you think belong, you must make your move
If women are not going to realize that life is more than just shouting emancipation, if all they are going to do is to cry for a fraction of the cake, and they forget that invitation to dinner is not all about representation but active participation during the struggle, then they are missing out on the whole point. Why do they shout equality during the feast and admit they're a weaker sex during manual work? Why do they choose less burdensome work and say it's for women and they expect equality in the cake, why not equality during work? Karma has no menu; you get served what you deserve
To treat someone too much like a celebrity takes you more of an ordinary person. You're equally important
A lion that hunts while roaring catches no prey
Revenge does not heal your pain; it only hinders you from receiving your healing. Forgive and be free
Make adequate preparations, and get sorted all that is required, let opportunity be the only limiting factor, because opportunities will always come but what is important is, when the opportunity comes, execution should be the only limiting factor not again going to the drawing board. Don't wait for the opportunity to come before you can start planning.
Don't just copy what someone's doing, you should have a reason for your action, and be true to yourself whether you're being genuine
If you plant honesty, you'll reap trust
Stop judging by external standard and start judging by the true standard
To grow is deciding to let go of habits that add no value
Be humble but selective, and to be selective doesn't mean pride and arrogance. Simply put, to know your worth is to be conscious about your personality and avoiding familiarity
Until the rotten tooth is removed, one must continue to chew with caution
You only lie when you're afraid of someone, otherwise if you have nothing to fear then there is no reason as why you will not tell the truth
Nothing will change until you understand it
If you're angry, don't let your anger lead you to sin
It's not your duty to Know everything, if you're not sure of something, admit instead of misfiring
Promise yourself that no matter how hard it gets; you’ll never give up on your dreams
Anything acquired through begging will require begging to maintain. Never bend down low, and lick someone's boot
Make it your purpose to do what is right, not only in the Lord's sight but in the sight of others as well
Grind now and enjoy later
The strength of an approach is its efficiency
See not your life through the eyes of those who don't value you. To be beautiful is to be true to yourself, to stand out is to be outstanding. You don't need to be accepted by everyone for you to achieve your goals
Compromise on the method but not the goal
The biggest mistake we make while learning something new is that we take too much time learning
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan and not quite enough time
Sex is nice and fun but its overrated. Do not deny yourself bigger opportunities in life because of sex, experience life and level up. sex will surely be available any time.
Allow not the opinions of those who didn't see your tears drown your laughter. You owe no one an explanation
If you have not been called on to speak, don't talk.
The final test of police dogs.... self-control
Fulfillment and satisfaction are directly related to fulfillment of purpose
For every process, there is an output
The one at the grassroots is always hated but the truth is, he is the one who carries the heaviest load; the implementation and pressure
Maturity is the ability to delay gratification
Feel bad not when old friends become enemies. They are just tired of pretending
If you want it all you will lose all
You are only strong as your weakest neighborhood
A chain is as strong as its weakest link and so We are only as strong as our weakest city
Provided the Grace of God is upon you, then enemies are inevitable. If nobody ever gossiped about you or talked ill of you, then probably nothing good ever happened to you.
Choose what is profitable not what is manageable. Be in control
To stand out, then you must choose to stand alone. Eagles do not fly in groups
A lie repeatedly told sounds like the truth 
Some people will always grab onto whatever they can u their hands on
Don't open your mouth more than is necessary, your secrets are only safe with you and you only. Animals migrate to where it suits them best
Assertion is true, but the reason is false
Everyone lies
Let no one rain depression and self-pity upon you. Those with no Joy Will always find means to remove happiness from others
There is a lot that transpires in the back stage
Appearances are just that, appearances.... that is not real life
Every situation will change. I do not mean a bad one, even the good one
A bad mood is not an excuse to use cruel words, the mood will pass away but the words will not
Love is a drug
It does not matter how slow you go, provided you don't stop
One of the prerequisites to great leadership is selflessness-the ability to stop feeding your selfish interests
After every achievement comes a debt
Do not be fooled by their words, however logical their reasons may be, the underlying motive behind their actions is the real gunshot
Assertion is false, but the reason is false
All they do is fuck each other and call it love
Whatever you are looking for, you will get it. I do not mean only what you want, even bad things
Avoid seeking for sympathy, however problematic your life may be, that’s not a reason to default your responsibility
When they can't be like you, they condemn what you have. Those without money say money isn't everything (Is poverty anything?)
Knowing how to drive is good but it is more interesting if you have where to go
You may walk faster but if you do not know where you are going, it is useless
Money runs the world, who are you to be spared if for a few coins Jesus was betrayed
The quality of living a purpose driven life starts with taking personal responsibility for your actions
Someone who is proud and a show of is the one who doesn't have
Character should be the criterion for attachment of friends, not beauty or physical appearances
Assertion is true, reason it true but the reason is not a correct explanation for the answer
Sometimes, there can be mounting evidence against but for all that logic, it could as well be wrong
There is a lot that goes on behind the scenes
When the soup is sour, the orphan gets an overly large portion
Clouds do not always mean rain but smoke is a sure sign of fire
A place for everything and everything in its place
Your secrets are only safe with you
The key to living a responsible life is to shoulder the blame 
Is that your answer?
Laugh and smile, don't take life seriously, stop chasing and start being, accept circumstances the way they are, avoid worrying and enjoy the present
Honesty in small things is not a small thing, small things matter
Though shall not despise, but rather to leave room for when tables will turn
Assertion is true, reason is true and the reason is correct explanation for the answer
There's time for every rumor. Let not the freelance broadcasters put your life on hold, after all secret admirers always talk behind people's backs 
I will do it when there's need, not on demand
There is no reasonable excuse for doing anything less than your best
He who speaks rubbish and the one who listens are all the same. They are both stupid
When the terrain contradicts with the map, trust the terrain
Darling, am no longer alive, I eat and breath but I am dead inside
specialization is for insects
secrets really don’t stay very long, do they?
it turns out that  the ones you least expect are the ones who have been the monsters all along
let me give you a piece of advice buddy, bse you are my best friend, you got to stop making evry one choose sides on this, because you will end up alone on yours
am gonna do everything in my power to find the people redponsible and make them pay, I will see this through to the end, no matter the cost, or who goes down
Live with integrity, do what is right even when no one is watching you, and remember, those who destroy others in order to get ahead won't stay ahead for long
the eye only sees what it knows
Fortune favors the prepared mind
If it doesn't have to produce correct results, I can make it arbitrary fast
People will always talk behind your back, but your duty is to ensure that you don't give them what to talk about
Though shall not draw conclusions so soon
Most of us recognize prejudice in others but it may be difficult to see it in ourselves
Avoid pointing fingers
Don't trade off your duties and obligations for friendly ties. However sweet the life you are giving them is, one day, those under your guardianship will question you, “why didn't you do this? “Duty is duty
If there's just one, then there’s still more.
Be present and genuinely present, make the other person feel that they are special and matter a lot 
Whatever the conflicts and differences, blood is blood
If you want to solve a problem, then figure out the cause
Just because some people have auto accidents does not make it wrong to drive a car
The moment you give in to temptation, the more it takes control over you
Every time we have to choose between God's way and man's way. There is only one choice.
Provided you are true to yourself, whatever is talked behind your back is none of your concern
Let no one steal your Joy from you
But above all, have discipline and be social
Avoid special consideration as much as possible, and make no exceptions to the rule
Exceptions to the rule are the major point of infiltration
Arguments don't improve the validity of a truth; they only determine how long it would take before you realize it.
To have happiness is to ignore many things, because the easiest way to get miserable is thinking that everyone is talking about you
Take personal responsibility of your surrounding and ensure it is in the right order
Anyone who shuts his eyes when they should be open is a fool but the biggest fool indeed is, he who opens his mouth when it should be shut 
Judge people by their actions. 
The brilliance of warfare is that no amount of eloquence or talk can explain away a failure on the battlefield. A general has led his troops to defeat, lives have been wasted, and that is how history will judge him. You must strive to apply this ruthless standard in your daily life, judging people by the results of their actions, the deeds that can be seen and measured, the maneuvers they have used to gain power. 
What people say about themselves does not matter; people will say anything. Look at what they have done; deeds do not lie. You must also apply this logic to yourself. 
In looking back at a defeat, you must identify the things you could have done differently. It is your own bad strategies, not the unfair opponent, that are to blame for your failures. You are responsible for the good and bad in your life. 
look at everything other people do as a strategic maneuver, an attempt to gain victory. People who accuse you of being unfair, for example, who try to make you feel guilty, who talk about justice and morality, are trying to gain an advantage on the chessboard.
You can never get what you want if you don't know what to look for in the first place
What people say is not always what they mean, think it who they really are
It's easier to open your mouth when it's another person but when it comes to your turn......
It's easy to despise what you can't get
Give whenever you can but, never count what is owed; never keep tabs
If you're got, even just once, that means it has been a habit
It's always important to test the waters before plunging in
A person who speaks loudest risks looking a fool
Get clear about who you're, what you want and what you deserve
For every information you hear of, it's your responsibility to look for evidence and verify it
There should be a limit to everything you do
Stay watch that you don't expose more than you should
Make no promise
Be on alert always that your actions or words are not to impress
Pause often and ask, why this reaction? The problem comes when excitement overlooks the scenario
Don't assume, you'll be shocked
It's really very dangerous to bank your plans about tomorrow based on today, because the future is never an extrapolation of the present. You can't anticipate tomorrow to turn out based on what you've acclimatized.
You should know what you're doing, be sure you're not being used
Search deep into the reason for those anomalies, the unusual call, the special consideration, and out of context smile.
If someone doesn't appreciate your value first time, their next coming, appearance or call is for a mission, don't be deceived.
But above all, what I don't want is to be used, I don't want to be fooled
Work hard but don't put money first; money doesn't make you rich but love, purpose and passion do.
Lowering yourself to be at the service of others, unselfishness and cooperation are important in teamwork, but to be good at your role is crucial
But one thing I want you to know is that, tomorrow will not be the same, irrespective of how today is- whether good or bad, tomorrow things will be different
Nothing is easy here, you've to sweat everything out. Get ready to fight
Every morning when a deer wakes up, it says to itself "if I don't run with all my might, I’ll die". Every morning when a lion wakes up, it says to itself “if I don't run with all my might I'll starve to death" It doesn't matter if you're a deer or Lion, you must keep running.
There's no difference between a rebel and soldier, it's the motives that makes them 
Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt. Why do you offer what you don't have?
If there's no enemy within, then the enemy outside cannot attack us
The world is full of mysteries, but most of us have forgotten one thing; there are still some good people left. When someone helps you, you think there's something fishy.
Service delivery requires a lot of talking, even if you don't agree politically, you must Yap
Players come and go, but legends last forever
Talent is everywhere, but passion sets us apart
The strength of wolves is in the park
If people can't come to us, then we must reach out to them, but what matters at the end of the day is that, we are the ones who want results, they don't know what they want, but we know what they need
Naturally some people are supposed to be servants and others Masters, not everyone must be an employer, others must be employees
Back yourself. Even if you don’t meet all of the selection criteria, it’s still worth applying for the job you want. The interview panel will weigh some criteria more heavily than others, and often they will seek specific personal qualities rather than just a formal skill set. 
If it works, then don’t touch it
Sometimes you need to zoom out and look at the broad picture
Probably the process should trust me
Sometimes, all you need is to chip in the bad so that they can recognize the good
Whenever you face a lot of criticism, in a position of conflicting interest, uncertainty and indecision, remember to ask yourself, “what is my philosophy?" 
If you want to see a thief and liar, look out for someone who's verbose
In order for you to be memorable, then you got to break people's schemas
No matter how much emotion or feeling you may have, life has to go on
When you see people gang up against me, remember that the issue is not the topic under discussion, but we've personal clashes and differences that we didn't agree on in the past. It's not that they speak the same language or share the topic concerned, NO, they're just United by a common enemy, each with their own grievance, but they won't tell you. The enemy of your enemy is your friend
For you to be able to deliver, you got to be confident with the ball
There are 5 kinds of people you must avoid; people who are always angry bitter and full of resentment, those without respect for others, people without morals and integrity, dishonest people and finally, those without ambition or desire to succeed
When all approaches fail and the normal procedure doesn't work, now remember there's is now room for creative play
School children are like foot soldiers, they don't know why they should turn left or right, why they should Match ahead or to be precise; they don't know why they are fighting. The real reason (commander's intent) lies in their parents
Don't accept to fail more than two times, it becomes normal
Headed down the wrong track? Change tracks! Life is different now from 50 years ago. Expect to make sideways moves many times in your career until you find your passion. And change then too, just before it gets stale
There's no reason why you should brag over something that you have no hand into
If you must humiliate in order to correct somebody, then you don't know how to teach
Social media doesn't show everything, remember, appearances can deceive; perfection is an illusion
When you are young, you call it destiny, when you are old, you call it fate
Make your decisions the right way. It’s not enough just to make a good decision. People must perceive you have done it the right way
Consciousness is a curse
You don’t have to be the smartest in the class. You don’t have to be super-driven. But you do need to have an eye open at all times for interesting things that might come your way. When they come along, take a leap and back your judgement. If it doesn’t work out you will have learned something about yourself. And seriously, what’s the worst that can happen?
Other than enrolling for a course, there's a better way to build your technical understanding; through a mentor.
Very few decisions in life are irreversible, so make some!
The best way to prevent a war is to make it either utterly pointless or so catastrophic for the participants that no one would be mad enough to go for war again
Slaves of dopamine have no free will
It's ok to lose to an opponent, but losing to fear, NO, that's an abomination
All good pros and students must learn: that images are better than words, showing better than telling, too much instruction is worse than none, and that conscious trying often produces negative results. But one question perplexes me: What's wrong with trying? What does it mean to try too hard?
Deal with this life the way it is, not how you wish to be
The whole is a sum of its parts
Know that to progress quickly, you need to build you capability across a wide variety of situations and roles
It's not that I don’t know what to do, it's that I don't do what I know!
Humans are basically animals with anxiety
Forget about shame, forget about embarrassment, and do what you ought, this is your life
To lay down my life at the service of others
One thing that I have learned is that you and I are just opposites, but also the same
Divert the traffic to Uganda
Inside every person, there are two bears, one bear is all things good, compassion, love, trust and the other bear is all things evil fear, shame and self-destruction. But the question is, which one wins? The one you feed
It all goes well in theory but the real test lies in its implementation and putting it into practice the size of your dream must exceed your current capacity to achieve it
Look, we can't help each other, unless we talk to each other
Did you know that rattle snakes are much more dangerous than dark ones? Because they haven't learned how to control how much venom they secrete
It wasn't your fault, now it's time to wake up. “But the bear is too big”. You're bigger
Get rich to make the world safe
We hate people and they in turn hate us
You know, the shortest distance between two points is straight line
All rivers run into sea if the sea is not full
I don't work for anybody, I'm an independent contractor
It's a high time you realized that the unseen line between friendship and profession is not where you think it is
You know, these people are too good, and we got to be creative
A man with no family has nothing to lose
When you find yourself running in to a wall, stop running into the Wall
He has got the range but you have the power, he's really tricky, you need to use your legs, create space and buy your time, and when he gets tired, move in for a knock out
You've to be independent, you don't have to rely on any one else
Listen to me, get your shit together
Did you know that anger is always proceeded by feelings of pain?
If you don't mess with my business, I don't mess with yours
When you're living among wolves, you must behave like one
No two days are the same, and therefore the future plans shouldn't be based on the iteration of the present state. I don't mean when you're going through hard times, but in times of good, and happiness
Avoid freelance speech
Yes, I hate war but I know its often inevitable, and its so, you fight it like a wounded tiger with blood on its nostrils
It doesn’t matter if you did or not, but soon it will dawn in you that the first lie wins
Probably you need to realize that, you don't have to do this to impress anyone, do it for yourself
The best way to defend is to attack
I will not get in your way, but I cannot join you
The problem comes when you add comparison and jealousy to the equation
Make money and avoid mood swings
Today's cooperate leaders must navigate new paths
You can't undo your past, but you can only learn from it
Look closely enough, the truth will reveal itself to you
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer 
We may all die apparently feeling good about ourselves but its more important than mitigating risks
Just look around, there's always a way out, turn their weapons against them
We've to do what they least expect
But women are all alike... eventually, they'll betray you
This world only responds to the closed faced, not the open heart, never forget that
It's easier to dispatch orders when you're in power....
To start with, can we contain them?
Concentrate fire on the weak ones
What belongs to us all is time
The time is now
The bold takes the gold
Be patient with yourself
It will end in tears
Do not start something that you know you will not finish
What belongs to everybody belongs to none
Offense is often the best defence
Give yourself time.... time and consistency are the key
The eye sees what it knows
If you know the rules are not fair and there is no level ground, don’t take part in the game. Otherwise, don’t complain after the result
If all you have to offer is your labor, you will always be exploited
If you know the referee is biased, give the opponent a knock out, but don’t prolong the fight
The truth is that humans will always disappoint
Time will tell
Appearances are deceptive
If you really want it, you won’t just give up
It’s not what you want or what you think, but rather it’s what it’s or what it’s supposed to be
At least what am sure of is that tomorrow will be different, it won’t be the same
Sometimes, all you need is to give them a slight push
It all starts with a small group of people behaving differently, every change requires a nucleus around which it can be cantered 
Provided it won’t kill you, then hold it out till the end
You have already gone through the pain, now just get it done 
Sometimes, all you need is a distractor. Otherwise, none of us will make it out alive
I am in my own league, and play by my own rules
It’s a marathon not a race
Sometimes you need a system crash to know where the problem is
Sometimes, all you need to do is to just remind them
Never use people’s trust in you against them in one way or the other, that’s betrayal, and lack of integrity
Sometimes, all you need to do is to show them
If it doesn’t make any sense, then there is no place for it
 Keep it simple 
They have eyes but they don’t see
There is always a way 
Provided it can be done without incurring much expense, then do it 
What you must always dread is focusing on small projects
 In strategy you must look at things as they are, not as your emotions color them, you must see your emotional responses to events as a kind of disease that must be remedied. 
 Fear will make you overestimate the enemy and act too defensively. Anger and impatience will draw you into rash actions that will cut off your options. Overconfidence, particularly as a result of success, will make you go too far. Love and affection will blind you to the treacherous maneuvers of those apparently on your side. Even the subtlest gradations of these emotions from the opponent can color the way you look at events. The only remedy is to be aware that the pull of emotion is inevitable, to notice it when it is happening, and to compensate for it. 
 When you have success, be extra wary. When you are angry, take no action. When you are fearful, know you are going to exaggerate the dangers you face. War demands the utmost in realism, seeing things as they are. The more you can limit or compensate for your emotional responses, the closer you will come to this ideal
Learn to disclose only what is asked of you, and nothing more
It is what it is
Remain silent if your words will offend someone
Some roads you have to take them alone; no family, no friends, no partner. Just you and God
Ridicule is the tribute that mediocrity pays to genius
Lord, let your will be done in my life
Tomorrow, and tomorrow and tomorrow Creeps in this petty pace, from day to day, to the last syllable of recorded time-Macbeth
Expectations do not always meet reality
Be aware of your connection to the universe. Live with the awareness that everything you are end everything you do directly or indirectly affects everything and everyone around you. Small or big, what you choose to do can alter the course or destiny of living or non-living things that come your way. As you realize this, you will take more responsibility for your actions and influence, and will never take spiritual things lightly
Work always expands to fill the time available for its completion 
Remain silent in the heat of anger
Wisdom is knowing how little we know
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there
Strength and growth come through continuous struggle and effort
Don’t judge people for the choices they made yet you don’t know what choices they had to choose from
As a man, be careful in this life; never let your erection determine you direction
Condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance.
Once you allow a hole in your dyke, the flood begins to pour through.
One of the major problems that people have in encompassing ideas about the planet's past is that they judge the possibility on their present experience, which is a tiny, tiny, fraction of the Earth's history.
There are none so enslaved as those who falsely believe they are free.
All truth goes through three stages. First it is ridiculed. Then it is violently opposed. Finally, it is accepted as self-evident. 
Don't be a nail that stands out above the rest because that's the first one to get hit
Sometimes, we need to keep this devil around, not only for the knowledge /experience learnt from it, but also to maintain a balance of power
"By his willingness to change his model or his concepts, the scientist is admitting that he makes no claim to possessing ultimate truth."
Better to arrive late but safely
The example isn’t always the same as the exercise
Pursuing dreams is not as beautiful as the dreams look like
Sometimes, we have to accept the fact that certain things will never go back to the way they used to be
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it
 You have your way, I have my way; as of the right way and correct way, those ones don’t exist
Knowledge is not what you think you know; knowledge is what you should know
Nothing feels right when you are not happy inside
Act like you trust people but do not
Be strong enough, you may never know whom you are inspiring
Before you set out to play any game be sure that you understand the rules; otherwise, you will end up as a clown
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on
Do not wait, the time will never be right, start where you are with the tools that you have. Better tools will be found along the way
Small salary is better than waiting for someone to give you money
Life is either a great adventure or nothing
The time is always right to do what is right
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other
If you ever feel like dying, throw yourself into the lake and see yourself struggling to survive. What you actually want is not to kill yourself but to kill something inside of you
So many things that later turn out to be true appear at first hearing to be
impossible and insane. That's because people only hear the opening line and don't read on to see the detailed evidence to support it.
No matter how slow your progress is, you are far much better than not having started at all
If you want to know the outcome of a game before the game has even started, you need to control all sides. The manager of a football team cannot dictate the result if he only controls one side. If, however, he is managing both sides, he can decide the result before a ball is kicked.
My father used to say that rules and regulations were for the guidance of the intelligent and the blind obedience of the idiot.
 Who controls the past, controls the future. Who controls the present, controls the past
When they think they know the answers, people are difficult to guide. When they know they don't know, people can find their own way.
You attitude will sit you on a table more qualified people only dream of
It’s better to go slow in the right direction than to go fast in the wrong way
Warriors are not the ones who always win but those who always fight
At any one moment, the decision you make can change the whole course of your life forever
History is the lie commonly agreed upon.
It’s true that charisma will make a person stand out for a moment, but character sets a person apart for a life time
Spend time with elders, not everything is found in google
Avoid people who respect only rich people
First rule of programming: if it works, then don’t touch it
 No matter how ripe the lemon is, it can never be sweet
Who decided what is right and wrong?
He was a good man, but sometimes power consumes goodness
Anything forced is not beautiful
To know where you are and where you are going, it helps enormously to know where you have come from.
Happiness and freedom begin with a clear understanding of one principle; some things are within your control, while others are not
If you only do what you can do, you can never be more than you are
Stop telling people to work hard, connect them to people who helped you-share connections not motivational speeches 
Your lack of commitment is an insult to those who believe in you
Excuses will turn your dreams into dust
There are two paths you can take; you can either play now and pay later, or you can decide to pay now and play later, but regardless of the choice you make, one thing is certain-life will always demand payment
The climb is tough, but the top view will be worth it
Don’t let your loyalty become slavery
This world is not your grandmother
there is no free lunch in this world
opportunity favors the prepared mind
when you decide to aim, make sure you aim high
If you kick me when I am down, be sure that I won’t get up
When your heart is pure, people take advantage of you
Good ideas are always crazy, until they are not
Leadership is a cruel master
Life is not a game of luck, if you want to win, work hard
The good gamblers usually lay the cards they were dealt while the bad went mad waiting for an ACE
You can never know when you are a king whether the loyalty and love are true
When someone tells you their problems, it doesn’t mean that they are complaining. It simply means that they trust you
If you knew what is said in your absence, you wouldn’t be smiling with a lot of people
Overthinking is the art of creating problems that do not even exist
Behind every status, there is a secret message to someone
He who solves a problem with a problem will always have a problem in waiting
Don’t let emotions get into the equation, calm down and take your time
 If buy things you do not need, soon you will have to sell the things you need
Set your mind to a definite goal, and observe how quickly the world stands aside to let you pass
Some people just dream of success, others wake up and work hard at it
Give yourself challenges before life selects some for you
Say it now or else, someone is going to say it louder than you
Just because a decision hurt doesn’t mean that it was a wrong one
In the end, promises are just words
Think a hundred times before making a decision, but once that decision has been made, stand by it as a man.
A silent tongue does not betray its owner
Facts don’t care about your feelings
Don’t expect to see a change if you don’t make one
The greatest value of having good people around you is not what you get from them, but the better person you become because of them. That is the power of association
If you see an opportunity that suits your friends too, link them up. The hate is less when the whole gang is winning
Let poverty rob you of everything, but not self-respect
Life is very complicated, don’t try to find answers, because even if you did find the answer, life changes the question
Don’t tell people everything about yourself. You may be educating an enemy
Because you suffered to get something doesn’t mean others should. If you have the opportunity to make it easier for someone, please do
Nonmatter how good you are, people will judge you according to their moods and needs
People need to learn that their actions do affect other people. Be careful about what you say and do, it’s not always just about you
If you want to be taken seriously, be consistent
If you ever disrespected me and I was calm about it, don’t ever trust me again
Rather fail with honor than succeed out of fraud
I don’t have plan B. it’s either do or die
Even if you trust someone, never tell them your secrets
Those who know must teach
You can copy me, but remember, copy is copy
The only thing that belongs to us is time
One day you will wake up and there will not be any more time to do the things you have always wanted to do.do it now
Don’t feed every dog you see suffering; some just need strength to bite you

Never marry a woman raised by a single mom, these people don’t value marriage
I have not failed, I just found multiple approaches that won’t work
Remain silent if you don’t have all the facts
I am terrified there is no way out, and the only option left is to drown
I feel ashamed that I am more terrified in life than death
Again, I am sentenced on a life imprisonment sentence in a chamber of regrets
Be silent if you cannot say it without screaming
Know when to talk, and what you are talking about. If not so, mute.
If someone sweats for you, at least help him change his shirt
Power comes not from knowledge but from knowledge shared
Teach your children to rely on the fruits of their labor and every drop of their sweat will be rewarded
Self-educated people cannot be fooled by the institutionalized propaganda
Every human being is two people; one is awake in the dark, the other is asleep in the light
Be silent when you feel critical
Even the one you think that “they are never going to do me like that” will do you like that
Don’t be too quick to believe what you hear because rumors spread faster than the truth
Walk a mile to avoid a fight but when one starts, don’t back an inch
Body and mind are not two, they are not one either
Be silent if your words could damage the friendship
The opinion of 10,000 men is of no value if none of them knows anything about the subject
Sometimes all you need are multiple failed attempts before you can realize the right approach
 Holding a grudge doesn’t make you strong, it makes you bitter. Forgiveness doesn’t make you weak, it sets you free
If people can use lol without laughing, then surely, they can say I love you without actually loving. don’t be fooled
Be silent if your words convey the wrong impression
Never try to turn a friendship into a relationship. You will lose both
Having money makes you rich. Having time makes you wealthy
You can dream in comfort, but you can never succeed in comfort
When you eat an egg, don’t insult the chicken
Be silent when it’s time to listen
Things are not always what they look 
Simplicity is also a fashion but not everyone can afford it
You must be swift as the coursing river
Work for a cause and not applause. Live life to express not to impress
If someone shows you their true colors, never try to repaint them
A man who sleeps with dreams awakes with the memories of death
Either I find the way or create one, but there is no room for excuses
The folks who know the truth aren’t even talking but those who got even no clue, you can’t shut them up
Both success and failure are the result of habit
Never lose hope, tomorrow could be the day you have been waiting for
Be kind to others to remind them that good people still exist
We are all busy, but we create time for what we value
Its fine to believe what you believe, but it’s not okay to demand others to believe how you believe
You will remember the pain, you will remember life
Be patients and never give up, good things take time
Always do whatever is next
Call me crazy but I love to see people happy and succeeding. Life is a journey but not a competition
We all have two lives, the second one starts when we realize that we have just one
To become wealthy, you got to be able to make money while you are asleep
Money without free time is worthless, but also free time without money is pointless
To circumcise a leopard is not the thing; the real thing is that who will hold him down?
Be there for others, but never leave yourself behind
Its ethically and morally a responsibility to question all rules made by human beings
Believe you can, and you are halfway there
Early success is scam, building things takes time
If you want to test the speed of the chameleon, burn the bush
Take any job till you find your dream job, pride won’t buy you bread
Stop asking questions you can google
People get so upset when you don’t let them use you
Its far better to know something about everything, than to know everything about something
Fears are nothing but a state of mind
Never whine, never complain, never try to justify yourself
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education
Entrepreneurship is all about differed gratification
Two wrongs don’t make a right. They make a good excuse
Scars have the power to remind us that our past is real
Escape competition through authenticity
Better sore than sorry
A friend to all is a friend to none
Ask no questions me no questions and I will tell you no lies
Every exit is an entry somewhere else
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him
Too much agreement kills a chat
Go for it now, the future is promised to no one
Clarity equals to success
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going
Start with what is right rafter than what is acceptable
The universe is under no obligation to make sense to you
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known
It’s not what you look at that matters, but what you see
Treating people right is way better than posting bible quotes that you do not even practice
Anything is possible when you believe
If you are ever in pain, don’t forget to tell me what is hurting you, it’s not fair when we laugh together but you cry alone
Stay positive, work hard and make it happen
Sometimes, even the devil on my shoulders asks, “what the fuck are you doing?”
I don’t do well with hints, you are fucking adult, speak your mind

Self-investment is best investment
My body wants sleep, but my pockets want money
We are who we are when no one is watching
We think too much but feel too little
You are the artist of your life, never give the paint brush to another person
Be aware of false knowledge; its more dangerous than ignorance.
Be mature enough to accept both failures and rejections
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate
97% of the people who quit too soon are employed by the 3% that didn’t
Never mind how ugly your nose is, provided you can smell through it
Learn to love without conditions, give without any reason, and above all, care for people without expectations
I keep my personal life quiet, so don’t think you know me. you only know what I allow you to know
Die with memories not dreams
The efforts to silence the opposing viewpoints are a litmus test to weak positions
By the time a man realizes that may be his father was right,he already has a son who thinks he is wrong
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but with no vision
The ability to ignore dislikes rather than to abuse is a rare trait
It’s perfectly normal to have an open mind, but it’s very dangerous to tell people your plan
 When there is a misunderstanding between the left and right leg, the entire body falls down
Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plan your revenge, else forgive and set yourself free
Getting married to a rich man is a dream of every lazy girl
Judgmental society is the reason some people lost their confidence
The general population doesn’t know what is happening, it’s not even aware that it doesn’t know
Let me tell you a secret: if your salary is your only source of income, then you are just one step away from poverty
Have you released that being too friendly sometimes invites disrespect?
Don’t call us broke for not having the things you get fucked for
What were we really trying to achieve by calling it a daso
Just because I don’t fight back doesn’t mean I am weak. It simply means that I am mature enough to know that anger doesn’t solve anything
My life is a romantic comedy except that there is no romance and the joke is on me
Buying expensive dogs and ignoring street ones doesn’t make you a dog lover
When the best thing becomes absent, the worst becomes the best
The only one qualified to throw a stone didn’t
90% of the dreams die because of worrying what other people will say
What is done is done, what is gone is gone, and one of life’s lessons is that it always moves on
 I don’t react, but trust me, I notice everything
The most dangerous person in the world is he who listens, thinks and observes
Until the lions have their own historians, the history of the hunt will always glorify the hunter
Earn money, because in the end, people will not see your heart but the money
Age 18-25 is the age where you either build yourself or destroy it
Take the risk, or lose the chance
Speaking English is easier when you talk Infront of those who don’t understand
No one cares until you are either rich, famous or dead
Maturity is when you stop posting everything that happens in your life on social media
As the tides rise and fall, we must remain calm
It’s going to be hard, but hard doesn’t mean impossible
It was the last day of school and everyone promised to stay in touch, but then life happened and friends became names in the contact list
It’s not the load that breaks you down, but how you carry it
Growing up is so humbling.at one point, you become the thing you once judged so harshly
If you can’t play, you can’t win
He who dares not offend cannot be honest
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so well established but unless we love the truth, we cannot know it
Great minds have purpose, the rest just have wishes
It’s not the strongest of the species that survive nor the intelligent, but the most adaptable to change 
Never speak twice about how you feel, that motherfucker already heard you the first time
If you worry about the how, you will never start
Those who use other people as stepping stones, will one day lose their balance
Hurting someone can be as easy as throwing a stone into the sea, but you can never have any idea how deep that stone can go
The grass isn’t greener; you are only seeing the social media filter
If two people look happy together, leave them alone
You can never visit the same place twice; every time, it’s a different story
Once you lie to someone, he will always think that you are lying
When an adopted child begins to prove stubborn, the family is left with no option than to remind him how he came into the family
A brother of my brother is my brother
Their words change nothing
I am terrified of the things I am capable of
Without initiative and decision, no man can expect to lead 
That risk that you are afraid to take, could change your life
If opportunity does not knock, build a door
Effective leadership is putting first things first
First learn the meaning of what you say, then speak
I was raised to treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO
I gave everyone respect before I disrespected them, remember that
If someone tells you that you can’t, they are showing you their limits not yours
Effective leadership is putting first things first, but effective management is discipline and carrying it out
Consciousness is acknowledgement that you are broke if all the money you have is budgeted for
If you can stay positive in a negative situation, then you win
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most
Nowadays, the main aim of life is money
Better to fight for something than to live for nothing
Let me make one thing clear, where one’s heart lies and who blows their lamp are two totally different things
Am waiting on the next bid which is clearly the bid where you need something from me
Everyone in our lives is like fair weather, they hardly stay with us when bad things happen
If you don’t fight for what you want, then don’t cry for what you lose
even if education is free in the whole world, the cat and the rat can never attend the same class
 
The ability to keep your life private is one of the most important things you ought to learn
Things are not always obvious
When you build in silence, people can’t know what to attack
Your life is your message to the world; make sure its inspiring
Not every closed door is locked; push
Don’t quit
Behind every angry woman, stands a man who absolutely has no idea about what he did wrong
You will always have excuses for not taking the decisions that will change your life, and the truth is that they will always be valid, but also, it’s your life that will not change
Its ok to have conflict with someone, but don’t recruit others into your grudge
Remain silent f you would feel ashamed of your words later
The cooking pot is mocking the frying pan for having a large mouth forgetting that everyone has a different role to play 
When you over love, people take you for granted
Now look, you know what’s good for you? You don’t just question things that don’t concern you
Don’t stop doing good just because you don’t get credit for it
Don’t quit, things can go from zero to hundred really quick
Your past is in your head but your future is in your hands
Sometimes people say things, sometimes it’s the whisky talking. So, it’s hard to tell which one is which
Tae risks, because if you win, you will be happy, but if you lose, you will be wise

One of my principles is that I never swim when the waters are storming
Your job may not be your calling but it’s your income, so be grateful for it. someone took a chance and hired you, so you better do what you are hired to do. don’t take things for granted, because other people cannot find a job
Hold it a bit longer
Behind every strong man is a story that gave them no choice
Always help someone, because you might be the only who does
All religions must be tolerated, for every man must go to heaven his own way
Nothing is ever enough for a man to whom enough is ever too little
Life is a process, but there you are judging people’s lives because of the failure in one event
Don’t stop when you are having a hard time, that’s part of the deal
People will not remember your name until you get fame
A person with too much ambition can’t sleep in peace
I don’t care how beautiful you are, if your personality is ugly, you are ugly
When your life is private, all they have to do is to assume
Meaningful silence is better than meaningless words
Never tell your problems to anyone because 80% don’t care and 20% are glad that you have them
Strength comes in knowing your weaknesses because your weaknesses are your enemy’s prime targets
The wise of every generation discover the same truths
Everything in your life is a reflection of the choices you have made
Don’t stop until you are proud
The key is not to prioritize what is in your schedule but to schedule your priorities
The bold get the job done
Success is not doing what you love, instead, it’s doing whatever it takes to become successful
A winner is simply a loser who tried one more time
If you want to get ahead of the rest, then don’t hit the snooze button
If you can’t laugh at the problems, you had 3yrs ago, then you are not moving fast enough
Fixing others is not your job, unless they ask you to
If you have a strong purpose in life, you don’t have to be pushed, you passion will drive you there
He who is too sure of himself and acts without thinking is heading for his downfall
The path from chaos to growth is personal growth
If you don’t go after what you want, you will never get it; if you don’t ask, the answer will always be no; if you don’t step forward, you will always be in the same place.
In a world that is always doing, doing, and doing, it’s almost impossible to take a moment and just breathe
We can’t alter the wind but we can angle the sails
the harder you work now, the easier life will be later
A man who controls his sexual urge has already solved half of his problems 
And although we may not trust other people to make the decision for us, still the decision has to be made 
It’s not what you want, but what it is
When a farmer loses a piglet through illness, he feels sorrow not only for the piglet but also for the excellent fodder he has lost in feeding it, the bran etc.
Fortune favors the bold
Love all, trust a few, but do wrong to none
Things don’t happen, they are made to happen
Time is the longest distance between two places
A company is only as good as the people it keeps
You can’t cross the sea by merely standing and staring at the water
If you own the story, then you get to write the ending
Prioritizing is the most important thing in business
One finds limits by pushing them
It’s not who is right, but what is right that is important
Expert: a man who makes 3 correct guesses consecutively
Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions
Mercy to the guilty is cruelty to the innocent
Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection
The future belongs to those who believe in the beaty of their dreams
Airports see more sincere kisses than wedding halls, and hospital walls have seen heard more prayers than churches
People seem good when they are oppressed, but they wish to become the oppressor in turn. Life is nothing but a competition to be a criminal rather than the victim
Nothing feels right when you are not happy inside
I know people talk shit behind my back, I am not stupid; I just don’t care
I never lie because I don’t fear anyone. You only lie when you are afraid
Everyone is nice to you until you become a competition
No one cared who I was till I put on the mask
You never truly understand a person till you consider things from his viewpoint
There is only one kind of shock worse than the unexpected; the expected for which one has refused to prepare 
Get started today, tomorrow can wait
You get what you give
One day, your life will flash before your eyes, make sure it’s worth watching
The secret of your life is in your daily routine, you can never change your life without changing that routine
Learn to distinguish between who deserves an explanation, who needs an answer and who deserves absolutely nothing
If your action inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then you are true a leader
The best math you can learn is calculating the future cost of current decisions
You make your life hard by always being in your head. life is simple, get out of your head and get into the moment
Difficulty is what makes a genius
Losers quit when they fail, winners fail till they succeed
One funny thing with getting old is that, your eyesight gets weaker, but your ability to see through people’s bulshit gets better
The ones who hurt us cannot heal us, that’s not the way it works, that’s not the way it ever works
I used to think that communication is the key until I realized that comprehension is; you can communicate all that you want to someone but if they don’t understand you, it won’t reach them the way you need it to
Sometimes, later becomes never; do it now
If you don’t find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work till you die
Two men working as a team will produce more than three men working as individuals
If you cannot be led, then you can never be a food leader knowledge decides what to say, skill decides how to say it, attitude decides how much to say, wisdom decides whether or say it or not
Direction is more important than speed
If I have affected someone in a positive way, that is more important to me
A person who looks out for everybody is always alone when they need somebody
All things are subject to interpretation, whatever interpretation prevails at that given time is a function of power not truth
Quiet people are not the ones that know less but are the ones keep themselves open to learn more
If everybody needs outside the box, then probably it’s the box that needs to be examined
Stop being patient and start asking yourself, how do I accomplish my 10yrs plan in 3months? you will probably fail but you will further be ahead of someone who accepted that I was going to take 10yrs
It’s not that we have a short time to live but that we waste a lot of it
Your self-respect has to be stronger than your feelings
You learn nothing from life if you think you are right all the time
It’s the mark of an educated man to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it
Never judge people by their past, because, people change, people grow
Despite everything, I believe people are really good at heart
When you are wounded, talk to the man who has the scars
What is said over the dead lion’s body cannot be told to him alive
Mess with me and I will let karma do its job, but mess with my family and I will become the karma
Basically, we are a sad generation with happy pictures on social media
Sometimes, you have to play the role of the fool to fool the fool who thinks he is fooling you
If this is to end in fire, then we should all burn together
90% of our happiness depends on our brain perceives the world
No matter how smart you are, if you don’t know how to work with people, then you dreams will just be dreams
He who does me a favor and gossips about it, should never do it again
An idiot with a plan can beat a genius without a plan
Don’t question a blind man for buying a mirror, it must be going to serve him some purpose
Mirror is my best friend, because when I cry, it never laughs
Never forget how you started
He who delights in solitude is either a wild beast or a god
A zebra that attends a lion’s wedding must be having trust in its legs
Keep your good news to yourself, because not everyone is genuinely happy for you
Never respond to an insult, because by doing so, you are yielding to its main purpose-to make you act without thinking
If you want to destroy a nation without war, make adultery or nudity common among the young generation
Even the darkest night will end, and the sun will rise
If your parents are paying for any part of your lifestyle and you shit on them behind their backs for not helping more, then you need to rethink your perspective on life
What if I told you that every social media trend and challenge is a psychological operation to see how dumbed down society really is
The forest was shrinking, but the trees still kept voting for the axe, for the axe was clever and convinced them that because his handle was made up of wood, he was part of them
Be educated, dress better, work hard, stay busy
When you are privileged, don’t think that others are lazy
Just because someone smiles all the time doesn’t mean that their life is perfect. A smile is just a symbol of hope and strength
If a man rides on the back of the lion, he should never be surprised when he ends up in its stomach
Listen, smile, and agree but then do the fuck you were going to do anyway
Making too many mistakes is perfectly fine, but the problem is making the same mistake many times
Sometimes, it’s better to just remain silent and smile
Strangers can become best friends just as best friends can become strangers 
Be more aggressive, assertive, and inquisitive
The bold takes the gold
People treat you exactly how they feel about you, be a fool if you want
Don’t tell me what they said about me, tell me what you said in my defense
He who sleeps with an itchy ass, wakes up with smelly fingers
He who beats the drum for a mad man to dance is not any different from the mad man
Conflict delayed is conflict multiplied
If you can work 8hrs for someone else, then you can work 2hrs for yourself
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
The person who looks good in the pic is always the one who uploads it
No every person who smokes is a bad person, and not all those who go to temple are good
There are no short cuts in life; it will always drag you to the stages you missed
We come from different backgrounds, so don’t expect me to have what you have
Life is much brighter when we focus on what truly matters
If you want to go somewhere, its far much better to get someone who has ever been there
The fate of your life lies in your hands, don’t blame anyone for anything
People can really be smart, but if they don’t believe in it, they aren’t going to work hard
There is nothing that deceives us much like our own judgement
The dance of a mad man is only funny when he is not your family member
Don’t think too much, just get started
He who laughs at other people’s grievances will at one time swim in his own pool of tears
A person does not need to be behind bars to be a prisoner, people can be prisoners/slaves of their own concepts and ideas
Sometimes, we don’t need advice, we just need someone to listen
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade; it makes the hand to bleed that uses it
Don’t hug people if you intend to drop side hugs
We pass our death anniversary every year without knowing the date
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you, and trusting that they won’t do it
Self-confidence is the key; once you start believing in yourself, magic starts happening
Don’t just dream, start working now
The sun will rise, and we will try again
We lost many friends just because of religion
You can’t pretend forever
The more you feed your sin, the bigger the beast becomes till finally it eats you
A friend who becomes an enemy after a small misunderstanding has never been a friend; he has just been pretending
Anything not said directly to you remains unsaid
If you can’t support us when we lose, then don’t support us when we win
Sometimes, you need to piss people off then sit back and watch their true colors unfold
If you are influenced by the opinions of others, then you will never have the desires of your own
When trust is broken, sorry means nothing
You can’t ask a man on a full stomach to address the problems of the hungry one. It just can’t happen
When I do a job in 30 minutes, it’s because I spent 30 years learning how to do it in 30 minutes. You owe me for the 30-year experience not the minutes
It looks ridiculous how day by day nothing changes but when you look back, everything looks different
If it works, don’t touch it
Just because I don’t share my troubles doesn’t mean that I don’t have them. I may be fighting battles that you know nothing of
When you realize that people only understand from their level of perception, then you will stop explaining yourself
It’s far way better for ten guilty people to escape than one innocent man to suffer
Even if you killed a lion in the jungle, those who hate you will always say you got a dead one along the road
Never think that you are humble; wait until you got power or money.it could be poverty putting you on a check
Be careful what you tell people; a friend today could be an enemy tomorrow
There are two types of people who are failures in life; those who don’t listen to other people and those who listen to everybody
Success is a slow process but quitting wont speed it up
Before you argue with someone, ask yourself if he is mentally mature enough to grasp the concept of multiple perspectives, otherwise, there is no point to argue
Know the difference between enjoying your youth and destroying your future
People are not oxygen; you can live without them
Impossible is a word used by those who gave up so soon
Success isn’t a skill, it’s an attitude
Addiction to a person is more dangerous than drugs
Old habits won’t bring new results
I know am going to lose but I have to lose proving a point
Maturity evolves more with experience than with age
Don’t be controlled by the situations, control the situations
Efforts are always better than promises
Don’t let the last ball be in your net
Psyche is like an elastic; it can hold stress for a time but then it breaks
Human nature is meant to be lived with others. Humans need to share their emotions, experiences and stories with other people around them. Connections with other human beings is all that makes a difference
Enjoy moments before they become memories
What is the point in believing in something if you won’t act for it
The secret to winning very argument is never to fight on their terms, change the battle ground, but above all, never fight the opponent in his own turf where he has advantage
Your present situation is not the end of your journey, the best is yet to come
He who fears what he will suffer, already suffers what he fears
A hunter who returns home with a goat is a thief
You don’t need religion to have morals: if you can’t determine right from wrong, you lack empathy not religion
If don’t own your future, someone else will
You can be replaced
Maturity is when you have the power to destroy someone who did you wrong but you just breathe, walk away and let life take care of them
If you are not doing it out of love, then don’t do it. I don’t need anyone around me counting favors
Let’s not forget that it’s you and me vs the problem not you vs me
Live by faith not by fear
When the why is clear, the how is easy
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by an idiot
When you are no longer friends with someone, respect the secrets they had with you. That’s called integrity
Necessity knows no law
When I was a kid, I used to admire well educated people, now I realized that well-mannered people are better than the educated ones
Broken crayons still color
Unexpressed emotions never die, they are buried alive and will come forth in later in uglier ways
If you are lonely when you are alone, then you are in bad company
Effort only releases its reward after a person refuses to quit
Do not let the noise of others drawn our inner voice. Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition
If your goals set you apart from the crowd, then stay alone
The best teachers are the ones that show you where to look, but not what to see
Work hard in silence, let the success make the noise
I don’t care if its lonely at the top, I has been lonely at the bottom as well
It’s okay to hate people but don’t spread lies about them  
And if tomorrow we don’t talk again, protect what we shared 
When a clear opportunity is availed, do not put yourself to work on unlevelled grounds. It’s so hard to make an honest living in an untruthful world
If you want to know who your tribe is, speak the truth and see who sticks around. Those are your people
No one is ever too busy; you are just not important to them.
When it feels scary to jump, that is the right time to jump. Otherwise, you will end up being in the same place for the rest of your life
The biggest mistake boys make is that; they do anything for a girl and forget their self-respect
And if tomorrow never comes, were you happy today?
The problem is that you are looking for love at the age of hustling
If I can still breath, then I am fine
Rest, but don’t stop
Life has no remote, get up and change it yourself
If you are in your 20’s, I want you to know that personal career is more important than finding love. If you are a failure, nobody will stay with you
A man who masters patience masters everything else
fixing the world starts with the understanding that you got to fix yourself first
When you see me working hard, I mean really hard; it’s because I want my children to be feel proud
Loyalty to the country isn’t loyalty to government. The latter comes when it deserves it
Love can be fake but hatred is always real. Remember that
The only people who get upset with you setting boundaries are those who were benefitting from you having none
When you are wrong, admit it; when you are right, keep quiet
Objects in the mirror are closer than they appear
Lord, we left home for a purpose, don’t let us return empty handed
When you get the second chance, don’t repeat the same old mistakes
Victory comes with patience
Just because you don’t like someone doesn’t mean that they will not succeed. God is not from your village
Nobody cares about your efforts; people only care about the results
When you don’t have money, everything you say in a family meeting is like its causing confusion
A mistake repeated is not a mistake anymore; that’s now a decision
Rule number1: Never reveal your identity
Just because you are taking longer than others doesn’t mean that you're a failure
Whenever you miss me, remember that there was a time that you had me but I just wasn’t enough
It’s not enough to win the war, it’s more important to organize the peace
Disagreement doesn’t mean that those opposing you are wrong
If you are poor at 35, then you deserve it. Because no salary earner ever made it to the Forbes billionaire list
Sometimes you may not realize that the people you are trying to bring down are part of the reason you are still standing
When the time is right, the lord will make it happen
Just because you don’t like someone doesn’t mean that they will suffer and need your help. Life is not a Nigerian movie
We try again this month; this time around, with more kindness, love and extra energy
Nothing ever lasts, including good times
It’s okay to cry. Crying is healthy
Baby steps are bigger than not stating at all
A short man is not a boy
Never re-friend a person who once tried to destroy your future. Remember that snakes shed off their skin to become bigger
The real value of goals is not the recognition or reward, but the person who we become by finding the discipline, courage and commitment to achieve them
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated
Be selective in your battles, sometimes peace is better than being right.
When the time is right, the Lord will make it happen
Life is the toughest exam, you never know what class you are in and what exam you will sit next, you can’t cheat because nobody has the same question paper
Take it easy, someone is in control
Stop looking for validation
Obstacles can’t stop you; nobody can stop you, but the only person that can stop you is yourself
Not everyone who celebrates you wishes you well, today an enemy will not come with a sword but a smile
If they don’t see value in you, don’t try to convince
You are not responsible for what other people think about you
Being broke is hard, being rich is hard, so choose your hard
Its sometimes easier to be happy if you don’t know everything
This is what I always say; am done, but I will get back tomorrow knowing that it won’t work
Excuses will turn your dreams into dust
The number one reason people fail is that they listen to their friends, family and neighbors
Sometimes, giving people the second chance is like giving someone an extra bullet because they missed you the first time
Life is a game: Play to win
People want to see you do good, but not better than them
Before you ask why someone hates you, ask why you even care
Don’t waste time on revenge, people who hurt you have already lost
When I shut mu mouth and walk away, it doesn’t mean that you have won, it simply means that you are no longer worth of my time anymore
Fear or faith
Slow success builds character, quick success builds ego
Accept that you are not important to some people and move on
People respect the money not the person
At some point, you just have to stop telling people what is going on in your life
Kindness is not flirting, attention is not love, silence is not anger, tears are not weakness
Be humble, be kind, but don’t let the fucker cross the line
Learn to sit back and observe, not everything needs a reaction
Never reply when you are angry, never make a promise when you are happy, and finally, never make a decision when you are sad
We live in a society where people ignore each other so as to get the others attention
Girlfriends are temporary, Bros are forever
Being a good person doesn’t get you loved; it gets you used
You live only once, if you do it right, once is enough
Never beg to be loved
One thing that I learned in life: you can be important to someone, but not all the time
Never compare yourself to others, no one can play your role better than you
I try to be a nice person but sometimes the mouth doesn’t cooperate
The worst reason to hate someone is because you once loved then so much
Never speak bad about yourself
If you love someone who doesn’t love you b\ck, it means that you are waiting for the ship at the airport
Laugh with many, but don’t trust any
If you are good at something, never do it for free
My silence doesn’t mean that I agree with you, it simply means that your level of stupidity left me speechless
If you wang to cry, use tissue not a status
There are only two choices in life: you either allow yourself to break, or you break others
A rich man has no need of character
People care when it’s too late
Ego never accepts the truth
They will ignore you, but trust me, they will need you later
Life waits for nobody. With or without you, it will continue
Keep calm and don’t give a fuck
If you can count your money, then actually you are not a rich man
End things before they end you
Warriors don’t ask how many enemies are there? Instead, they ask where are they?
The biggest problem with liars is that they all say that trust me
When people say that they see any value in you, remind them that life is so difficult for the blind
I don’t hate you, I just lost respect for you
Be a good person but don’t waste time to proving it
When a woman is treated right, submission comes naturally
Learn to clap for others, your time will come
Earning money is easy, saving is hard, investing it is harder
A wise cat that cares about tomorrow never eats a pregnant rat
Starting afresh is better than regret
When suicide ever come to your mind, remember that I would rather listen to your story than attend your funeral
Too much wisdom is not always good because you will always see the worst even in the good
You are born to love not to hate
It always looks impossible till it’s done
Stay away from negative people because they always have a problem for every solution
Success is not final, failure is not fatal, it’s the courage to continue that counts
You can’t escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers
Remember this; you are not going to hit your goals by getting drunk and partying every weekend
Know the difference between what you are getting and what you deserve
If you think you have any reason to be jealousy of me, then you are not any different from Satan
Notice everything but stay quiet
take it one day at time
do what is right but not what is easy
you are not small, you won’t live a life of insignificance
better to be tired and rich than being poor and rested
there are two reasons why people don’t mind their business; either they have no business, or they have no mind
we can satisfy everyone’s needs but not everyone’s greed
we are free to choose our actions, but we are not free to choose the consequences of these actions
the rules of life are simple; you either hunt or be hunted
the biggest sin against the human mind is believing things without evidence
you may delay, but time will not
Don’t fight an enemy who is already down. That’s one of the ethics of war
It’s not what you think, but what it is
All teams think that they have got it, but there is only one way to win
It’s not who you are, but how you feel
Jealousy is the last class to attend before becoming a witch
It’s okay to fight for women’s rights, gender balance, equality and all that nonsense, but it’s very stupid to assume that you are now men
Do not re-invent the wheel
Sometimes you need to first be beaten hands down before you can know the limits of your abilities, and that you can’t do it yourself and thus need external assistance
Every world has ghosts, and every house is haunted by them
Never take anything for granted
To be alive is to know ghosts, we hear their whispers if we listen, and we are haunted by prophets all. We ignore the dead at our peril
 pay attention to the patterns and we can predict the future
Belief, is a very powerful weapon….and faith is a sword forged in the fires of the infinite
Violence is the last refuge
If you are good at math then you should know that repeated luck is more than just luck
In the twilight of a mans life, when his biography is nearly complete, he grows desperate to know the measure of his days how his voice compares to the course of those who have come before, do I matter? Or are my choices my own? Or am I governed by an unseen hand
When a planet wants you dead, you die 
All analytical learning goes against the faith of the weakling
Furthering knowledge is he most noble work of human kind
All things have a cycle, after destruction, rebirth and knowledge gives us the ways to survive the destruction, till the rebirth arrives
The search for meaning is not always in the answer, it’s also the process of seeking that enlightened
At every point in our lives, we have the power to choose our own paths, the goddesses guide us at every step towards service and truth
This will not always be your life, but it is your life now
What if there is no other life, what if this is the end
Everyone has a choice even though it seems they do not
This is what I have to do, everything that happened, it brought me here. This is the only chance, so I have to try, we have to try, and that is all there is a crisis, trying.
Ask a historian, what was mankind’s greatest invention? fire? The wheel? The sword? I would argue its history itself. History isn’t a fact, it’s a narrative. One carefully, one that is carefully curated and shaped. Under the pin shots of the right scribe, a villain becomes a hero, a lie becomes the truth
Being human is complicated son, we share the same origin and some of the same myths, but we are governed by this[brain].in here is all the capacity for rational thinking, but we perceive space with our emotions, and sometimes emotions shout louder than logic.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent
Past behavior is the predictor of future performance
What we choose to tell our children, and what we sensor, what we eliminate, and what we gloss whatsoever, history has an act of addition and subtraction
A wise man once said “a people without history is like a tree without roots” but what’s missing from the wise man’s history is when a welded story relaces record. When all facts fall short of believability, fantasy feels reassuringly solid, and since this is my history, I get to decide which parts have been subtracted, and which have been added
History is the ultimate weapon, because it harnesses time itself. If used correctly, the past can alter the present. What other invention can do that?
Going to sleep is a leap of faith; our souls wonder when we dream and if we say our devotions, our souls will find their way back before we wake.
We send messages into space, hoping someone will answer, praying we find safe harbor over the horizon
History is written by the victor
Why fight two up star kingdoms, yet you can exploit their racial animus and have them fight each other?
You may think that you have only one ship, but one ship could be the first of many. If all your people could set aside hatred and favor strength, then you will find here the skills to build more ships
It takes time to rebuild consciousness…but in the meantime, remember this day, remember what we are striving towards. I know a thousand years can seem like an eternity, but it’s a blink of an eye when measured against the whole of human history, and could so easily slip through our fingers if we are not vigilant
Have you ever thought of your legacy? The mark you leave behind after you are gone
It takes more power to build than to burn
A soul incapable of change, is a soul doomed to stagnation, and yet, a bar incapable of bending will eventually break
The best idea wins
You are what you are in this world, one of the 2 things; you are either somebody, or a nobody
You act it in movies, I make it real
There are 2 kinds of people in this world; those with loaded guns, and those without loaded guns
Dreams are messages from the deep
Listen, dreams make good stories, but everything important happens when we are awake, because that’s where we make things happen
A great man doesn’t seek to lead, he is called to it, and he answers
Don’t stand with your back to the door, how many times should I tell you this?
I must not fear, fear is the mind killer; it’s the little death that brings total obliteration
The mystery of life isn’t a problem to solve, but a reality to experience. A process that cannot be understood by stopping it, we must move with the flow of the process. We must join it. We must float with it
In a 5yr period, 19000 bank robberies were reported to the FBI. This means there were 19000 robbers that dint do their job properly. If you are gonna rob a bank, make sure it doesn’t report it
You know, they say that people on the death bed do not regret the things they did, but the things they dint do
There a beautiful quote that says, a man travels far to find out who he really is
If you aim at nothing, you hit nothing
You are a product of all who came before you, the legacy of your family, the good and the bad. Its all part of who you are. Stop hiding nephew, it only prolongs the pain
A blood debt has to be paid with blood
Training and experience, are totally different things
There is a difference between what is right and what is legal
They don’t play by the rules in the real world, so why would it be different here?
War, is perhaps good for business, but competition is not
Illusions are the rule in our heads, not the exception
To succeed where others have failed takes a master mind
Keep it simple
Every hero needs some help
Discipline, concentration, and balance 
usually, the beginning is the most difficult part
its adversity that prompts us to change when we otherwise wouldn’t, so we embrace it
enough people said the earth was flat, so the earth was flat. Then they said the earth was round, so the earth was round. Enough people talk about something, right? Then it becomes fact. Then they put in books, then the book becomes fact. Then its settled. Then no one talks about it anymore, or even understands it anymore 
All the world’s problems could all disappear in one generation if all the kids grew up forgetting the shit they were taught, the shit that doesn’t make sense, but you are taught it enough times so you believe it. Then we can all live in the world where no one is starving, and everyone is equal
Hard work, adversity, struggle, that’s how winners are made
Look, jade has a lot of talent, and he has got a bright future, but he wont improve, unless he fights the best
Because if you fail to discover your inner power, you will never defeat your opponent
You must fight smart Jett, take emotion out of it, stick to the plan and you will achieve it
Fighting involves both attacking and defending, not just throwing punches
Crazy things happen when you lose everything, because you got nothing else to lose
you got to live like you are dying
we need to hold ourselves accountable for what matters most. 
The company mase their bodies into weapons, tried to teach them how to kill, but they did not want to fight- a soldier who will not fight is useless
Aman has to reap what is his joy, there is no living with the killing; there is no going back; right or wrong is a brand, a brand that sticks 
You must not let your personal history clad your judgement
Don’t make me feel bad so as to get what you want
Don’t let the person who told you what your problem is suggest/give you the solution; he will definitely craft it in such a way that it suits them/ makes you dependent on them. The problem analyst and solution developer must be two different entities or at worst, let him suggest but let the final say (independent of manipulation) be yours but above all, the solution to your problems must come from your own critical thinking with small consultations here and there
Rule number one, don’t trust anyone
We get what we deserve
the pain of discipline or the pain of regret?
Honesty in small things is not a small thing. Small things matter
if you want to get your life together, take a path of maximal responsibility
Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difﬁcult to plan, build, and test
Most things are forgotten eventually
Its not about the finish line but the steps you take to reach their
Time waits for no man
we can accept for granted that responsible professionals give some time to think-ing and planning at the outset of a project
attentiveness to detail is an even more critical foundation of professionalism than is any grand vision. First, it is through practice in the small that professionals gain proﬁciency and trust for practice in the large. Second, the smallest bit of sloppy construction, of the door that does not close tightly or the slightly crooked tile on the ﬂoor, or even the messy desk, completely dispels the charm of the larger whole. That is what clean code is about
when I see a bird that walks like a duck and swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, I call that bird a duck
A place for everything, and everything in its place. A piece of code should be where you expect to ﬁnd it—and, if not, you should re-factor to get it there.
As we maintain automobiles and other machines under TPM, break-down maintenance—waiting for bugs to surface—is the exception. Instead, we go up a level: inspect the machines every day and ﬁx wearing parts before they break, or do the equivalent of the proverbial 10,000-mile oil change to forestall wear and tear. In code,refactor mercilessly. You can improve yet one level further, as the TPM movement inno-vated over 50 years ago: build machines that are more maintainable in the ﬁrst place. Mak-ing your code readable is as important as making it executable
We’ve all looked at the mess we’ve just made and then have chosen to leave it for another day. We’ve all felt the relief of seeing our messy program work and deciding that a working mess is better than nothing. We’ve all said we’d go back and clean it up later. Ofcourse, in those days we didn’t know LeBlanc’s law: Later equals never.
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code. Comments are always failures. We must have them because we cannot always ﬁgure out how to express ourselves without them, but their use is not a cause for celebration.
Don’t comment bad code-rewrite it
When the same thing is done over and over,it’s a sign that there is an idea in our mind that is not well represented in the code. I try to ﬁgure out what it is. Then I try to express that idea more clearly
The problem isn’t the simplicity of the code but the  implicity of the code (to coin a phrase): the degree to which the context is not explicit in the code itself.
cities work because they have teams of people who manage particular parts of the city, the water systems, power systems, trafﬁc, law enforcement, building codes, and so forth. Some of those people are responsible for the big picture, while others focus on the details. They also work because they have evolved appropriate levels of abstraction and mod-ularity that make it possible for individuals and the “components” they manage to work effectively, even without understanding the big picture.
It is a myth that we can get systems “right the ﬁrst time.” Instead, we should implement only today’s stories, then refactor and expand the system to implement new stories tomorrow. This is the essence of iterative and incremental agility. Test-driven development, refactoring, and the clean code they produce make this work at the code level.
We all know it is best to give responsibilities to the most qualiﬁed persons but what we often forget is that it is also best to postpone decisions until the last possible moment. This isn’t lazy or irresponsible; it lets us make informed choices with the best possible information. A premature decision is a decision made with suboptimal knowledge.
Whether you are designing systems or individual modules, never forget to  use the simplest thing that can possibly work.
The acts of the mind, wherein it exerts its power over simple ideas, are chiefly these three: 1. Combining several simple ideas into one compound one, and thus all complex ideas are made. 2. The second is bringing two ideas, whether simple or complex, together, and setting them by one another so as to take a view of them at once, without uniting them into one, by which it gets all its ideas of relations. 3. The third is separating them from all other ideas that accompany them in their real existence: this is called abstraction, and thus all its general ideas are made
The fabric of existance I composed of a myriad of karmic threads, nothng exists in and of itself, everything is connected
I realized that from now on a large part of my life would be spent fi nding and correcting my own mistakes 
no one truly has free-will, when one man sins, we all share in his sin. We are all accomplices
is the law really more important than humanity
whatever the world has become, u have no choice but to be part of it
As long as u still draw beathe, u can turn it around
I was just doing my job, these are the words said by evry war criminal
Everything we’ve been through has brought us here, from now on, we look forward, not back
There are two sides to every story
best way to get rats out of their hole, start a fire
Not everything miraculous is a miracle
there is no hell, simon. At the end of our lives, we wont b judged by the things we did to survive, we will  judged by the motives we did them
When the terrain disagrees with the map, trust the terrain
specialization is for insects
you learn coding by writing code
fortune favors the prepared mind
how do you choose between a monster and the devil
most addicts fall off the wagon in the wake of personal tragedy- the death of a loved one for instance
first, we save them, then later let them prove tht they deserved it
power, is the kiss of death
lets say they gave you a second chance, now what? salvation comes from faith and good works, what you do, not what you say
Sacrificing the few in order to save the many, eventually the few become the many
inspiration loves company
Its really hard being a visionary surrounded by people who cant see
surrender, only a  fool fights a war they cant win
Wishes are for the weak
I used to think that life was more thsn just surviving, but am nt sure anymore, animals don’t feel guilty when they kill, they just do it, or they get killed. I told myself tht every life I took was for a reason, but the other side had reasons too. Their reasons were the same as ours, kill or be killed
you go to war with the army u have not the army u have
any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic
so, here we are again, wht is the survivors move
be the last
For all its faults, life is really beautiful
No leader starts out wanting to lie their people, or imprison, or execute their people. The decisions you face just whittle you down, piece by piece.
We make the best decision tht we have , with the information th we have, and hope there is a forgiving god
sometimes, hope is more important than truth
there are times in war where you have to do the wrong thing for the right reasons
we save what we can save today, and leave the rest for tomorow
heavy lies the crown
 “A”  for effort
we are all guilty of something
is thtt being a coward or thts survival instinct
if I die, I die. Atleast I go down fighting
who you wanna be, doesn’t always win, you don’t win every time. Always rem tht
hey, none of us likes wht we are doing here...but if this works, we survive. Its as simple as tht
don’t fight with aggression, don’t reveal your next move before you strike, and never leave yourself exposed
I told you to fight, but who you fight for, is up to you
people are cruel, and violent, and selfish to the core
nomatter how much u punish yourself, yo nt gonna change anything
first we survive, then we find our humanity later
certainity is a luxury leaders cant afford
so much for the element of surprise
once u accept tht there is nothing to be done or nothing u can do, then u will have nothing to worry about
even savoirs need to rest
u don’t back down when things get hard
peace is over-rated, its the fighters tht survive
u cant save someone who doesn’t want to be saved
justice and vegeance are 2 different things
okay, thts not wht you said, but thts wht we heeard
There are 3 strategies of battle: Run away and survive, but the qtn is, for how long? Bse this threat will eventuzlly find us all. Second is regroup and come back stronger, or kill the keader of the enemy group
is it the only choice u had, or its the only one u gave yourself
just another day on the ground
The key to surviving on the ground is to keep fighting at ll costs, against all odds
we need each other, simon. And the only way we are going to pull this off, is together
Its better to lie your way out of the problem thn to kill
Being down here, I have known tht, if doing sth makes yu survive, its always the right thing. You do what it takes
if u think u have the best idea, you have to convince people, not to lie to them
What are the pillars of being a commander? Wisdom, compassion, and strength, and independent decision making
all tht is certain is tht we’ll die, but how we die, Is up to us
weve all learned pretty quickly that war cuases us to do thungs tht we’ll spend the rest of our lives tying to forget
Places are not bad, the people are
it helps no one to dwell in the past
its not just black and white
There are a million ways to die out there, wel if its not your time, nothing can kill you, but if its your time, it takes just one
if you don’t want to be treated like a criminal, then you have to stop thinking that thats all you are
being a good leader means knwing which battles to fight, is it? Or which ones to delegate
a warrior does not mourn those he has lost till the battle is won
sometimes you have to concede a battle to win a war
victory stands on the back of sacrifice, simon. You know that
get knocked down, get back up
plans don’t last very long In battle
tiring yourself with questions already asked and answered is a waste of energy
empirical evidence doesn’t lie
any engeneer worth his salt will knws to plan for failure; 2 is 1, one is none. Its called Redundancy
it takes as long as it takes
deliverance comes at a cost
none of us is innocent
I bear it, so tht they don’t have to
We all have a monster inside of us, we are responsible for what it does when we let it out
the things we’ve done to survive, they don’t define us
all alliances are risky, always remember tht
the dead are gone, simon & The living are hungry
love, is weakness
good, can come out of even the darkest acts
to lead well, you must make hard choices
mockery s not a product of a strong mind, simon
even a fool knows when to surrender
no one gives anything without expecting sth in return, is a cynical way to go through life simon
evryone deserves a second chance
