Success is not an accident, its the product of hardwork, sacrifice and consistency
“If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
“It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.” – William James
“Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation, there is sure to be failure.” — Confucius
“Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.” – Thomas A. Edison
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” – Herman Melville
“In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.” – Montesquieu
“The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.” ― Bette Midler
“I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.” — Stephen Hawking
He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.” — Chinese Proverb
“If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.” - Maya Angelou
"No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach." – Donald Trump
"Whatever we believe about ourselves and our ability comes true for us." — Susan L. Taylor
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." — George Bernard Shaw
"He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying." — Nietzsche
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." — Thomas Paine, American Founding Father
"Never be limited by other people’s limited imaginations." — Dr. Mae Jemison
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." — Arthur Ashe
“You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can.” - Jimmy Carter
“It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.”— Babe Ruth
“You may be the only person left who believes in you, but it's enough. It takes just one star to pierce a universe of darkness. Never give up.” — Richelle E. Goodrich
"The minute you decide to do what you love to do, you have made a life plan for yourself and a career choice." — Huda Kattan
“Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.” ― Auliq Ice
Match your talent with opportunities that you are passionate about.” ― Germany Kent
“When opportunities knock on your door, don't wait too long to decide because when you take too much time, the decision will be made for you — typically, this will not be to your benefit.” ― Jen Alvares
“A rare skill can help you pay more bills than usual.”― David Angway
“Ever day you spend at work is a foundation for your future.” ― Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!
“No career counselor or internship will be able to help you with your career if you don't have an aim, purpose, and passion for what you want to do in life.” ― Germany Kent
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” — Confucius
“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.” — Kurt Cobain
"You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do." —Confucius
“If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.” – Chris Grosser
“Find out what you like doing best, and get someone to pay you for doing it.” – Katharine Whitehorn
Feeling confident or pretending that you feel confident is necessary to reach for opportunities. It’s a cliché, but opportunities are rarely offered; they’re seized. – Sheryl Sandberg
“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” —Stephen Covey
“Getting fired is nature’s way of telling you that you had the wrong job in the first place.” —Hal Lancaster
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” —Steve Jobs
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” —Milton Berle
“So often in life, things that you regard as an impediment turn out to be great, good fortune.” — Ruth Bader Ginsburg
“Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” — Benjamin Franklin
“You are never too small to make a difference.” — Greta Thunberg
“Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.” — Ryunosuke Satoro, Japanese author.
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“You’ll never please everyone, but you only have to please a few people to get an offer.” – Harvey MacKay
“One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.” – Arthur Ashe
If You Fail, Try Again
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." — Charles R. Swindoll
"Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you." — Jeffrey Gitomer
"We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success." — Arianna Huffington
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life." — Muhammad Ali
"Impossible is just an opinion." — Paulo Coelho
“The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you.” — Chanakya
"On any given Monday I am one sale closer and one idea away from being a millionaire." — Larry D. Turner
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." —Tony Robbins
"Sometimes, you have to give up. Sometimes, knowing when to give up, when to try something else, is genius. Giving up doesn’t mean stopping. Don’t ever stop." — Phil Knight
"You can't get there by bus, only by hard work and risk and by not quite knowing what you're doing. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover will be yourself." — Alan Alda
"I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday." — Eleanor Roosevelt
“You can dance in the storm. Don't wait for the rain to be over before because it might take too long. You can do it now. Wherever you are, right now, you can start, right now; this very moment.”- Israelmore Ayivor
“Do it again. Play it again. Sing it again. Read it again. Write it again. Sketch it again. Rehearse it again. Run it again. Try it again. Because again is practice, and practice is improvement, and improvement only leads to perfection.”- Richelle E. Goodrich
“There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”- Roy T. Bennett
“Every master was once a disaster.” – David T.S Wood
“When it comes to your dreams, every risk is worth it.” – Joel Brown
“Gain control of your time, and you will gain control of your life.” John Landis Mason
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.” ― Roy Bennett
“If you don’t have a goal in mind, you can’t expect to achieve it.”― Frank Sonnenberg, The Path to a Meaningful Life
“Focus on yourself and your goals and don’t get distracted by dishonesty and disloyalty from people, who only waste your time and energy!”― Lily Amis
“Your focus should be on becoming a type of person you want to be, not a specific goal” ― James Clear, Atomic Habits
“Life is not about a goal to be achieved, but a goal to be reached.”― Pawan Pandit, Alive Sentence
You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script.” — Oprah Winfrey
“Goals must stretch and test your cognitive skills for results achievement.” — Invajy
“If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy and inspires your hopes.” —Andrew Carnegie
“People with ambition don’t give a damn what other people think of them.” ― Diane Setterfield
 “My belief in life is that you need only three things to get to the top- Talent, Ambition and Initiative.” ― Ankit Patni
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps." ― Confucius
"If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you." ― Les Brown
"No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one." ― Jessica Savitch
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.” – Farrah Gray
“It’s the pain and failure that teaches you the best lesson in life and motivates you to rebuild yourself and stand again with a robust faith.” —Priti Chaubey
“In life you make the small decisions with your head and the big decisions with your heart.” —Omid Kordgstani
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." — Walter Elliot
"You’re not obligated to win. You’re obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day." — Marian Wright Edelman
"Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come." — Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." — Thomas Edison
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”- Roy T. Bennett
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”— Dr. Roopleen
“No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.” — Pittacus Lore
“Change course, but don’t give up.”- Roy T. Bennett
“We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.” —Walt Disney
“Courage doesn't always roar, sometimes it's the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering 'I will try again tomorrow.” — Mary Anne Radmacher
"It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure." — Bill Gates
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”― Thomas A. Edison
“Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.” ― Lance Armstrong Sally Jenkins, Every Second Counts
“Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.”― Robert F. Kennedy
“Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.” ― Marilyn Monroe
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road.” ― Roy T. Bennett
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart 
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” –Arianna Huffington
“Never be afraid of failure. And don’t stop yourself from doing something you want to do because of what others might think. Only you know yourself best.” –Suki Waterhouse
“Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure it just means you haven’t succeeded yet.” ― Robert H. Schuller
“I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.” ― Lou Holtz
“All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil. The only crime is pride.” ― Sophocles, Antigone
“There is no failure except in no longer trying.” ― Elbert Hubbard
“The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.” ― Stephen McCranie
"Winners never quit, and quitters never win." ― Vince Lombardi
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” —Karim Seddiki
There is no secret to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. – General Colin Powell
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. – George Washington Carver
“Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they’re making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that’s the difference.” – Lou Holtz
“The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.” – Thomas A. Edison
“Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder.” – Yogi Berra
“Don’t wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.” – Barbara Baron
